The ground was not fine enough for me.
Candy stuck together and some melted.
It was excellent, as always, but the price was much higher than what is charged by SAM's or Target.
Was not fresh Not smell fresh I do not have trust accept through it away
Not supreme as advertised very disappointed as they were to be for my 90 year aunt birthday
Did not receive the brand name candy- a ton of filler crappy candy. Just sent it back
Bought 2 for a gift and they are totally destroyed
2 boxes received not 36. As others have stated it is a scam.
I would not recommend this, they do not look or smell good
Had to keep seasoning to taste. NO FLAVOR AT ALL. YUCK.
This coffee is a rip off.  It smelled bad while brewing and tasted worse when trying to drink it.
Disliked. Tasted stale. Will not buy again.
The drink has a lot of caffeine but it tastes horrible.
this popcorn had absolutely no flavor
Way expensive and texture was horrible.
Tasted awful! I threw it away
Tastes flavorless and burnt
this stuff has so much grease its like a watery soup. do not waste your money on it.
This product arrived with no seal at all and had a bitter smell! It is in the trash now- DO NOT BUY
Something was wrong or spoiled with my order. They made me sick the three times I tried them.
Mine came in a bag by itself and most of them are crumbled I am not pleased
It smells like a fish.. I could taste sand too. Completely do not recommend it.
tiny little dried up pieces.  could not even taste.  hardly anything in the bags.  total rip off
Artificial flavors in the ingredients. Very disappointing.
*** WARNING *** This contains EGGS. This is NOT Plant Based.
Bag was opened all the way  Looked like half the bag was open
The licorice was extremely stale - very hard  and tough to chew!  Threw them away!  What a waste!
"Full of fat and left over pieces from their ""Skinning"" process.. Which was hidden under the meat."
Came Totally damaged and was going to be a gift so I am Pretty disappointed
What I received was not tamarind paste at all, but liquid tamarind juice concentrate.
In the comments, one pack is described as one carton.  It is ONE PACKAGE.
The item description says pack of 3. I only received one individual packet.
BY FAR THE WORST HONEY EVERY, impossible to squeeze out, and cap does not twist off.
Not what I expected
This taste horrible. I have tried few flavors by this brand and all of the them taste bad.
One of the worst I have ever tried. Never buy cheap again
This item was expired. And I cannot return it. Very unhappy!
Do not worry it will not happen again, so cover the review up so no one see it.
This is so stale you cannot even chew it thru it all in the garbage
Should not be this much expensive
i expected it to taste more like a dill pickle and it did not.
SUGAR COATED, SUGARY GUM, STICKS TO YOUR TEETH.  HORRIBLE AND NON RETURNABLE.
The bag I received once opened look like a moss instead of a tea. Almost looked synthetic.
It was not in the box
I got a bag of chips insted
I would love to eat this, but. Expiration date OVER a year ago
It was stale.  Wasted my money
Its basically just vinegar .....
Jar arrived open and leaking all over the box. Had to discard immediately.
They tasted like rancid cookies.
Not What I expected
Good coffee/wrong flavor
Does not work with chocolate like advertised. I wish I saw the reviews before I received them.
Very disappointed. The chocolates were powdery, some were unwrapped and or broken up.
Dislike the flavor I do not ordered anymore of these
Major disappointment in this coffee!! Will never buy again Crazy Cups
The candy does not have a strong flavor at all. It was rather bland.
Beans were oily, not great flavor. I did not care for this roast.
Dry as a desert. Have bought better in the frozen food aisle.
Love the coffee, but money down the drain!  NONE of these worked in the 2.0 Keurig!
I thought I would like them because I like lime flavor, but these are not very good to me.
Dry, stale, mediocre...
When I received my Pringles chips they were all crumbled in their containers
The soybean is too old,it is about over year old
Cannot even use it. Yeast extract is MESSAGE.
Was not as smooth as I expected and could not return it...not happy at all.
Bag was completely melted into a big glog
It is not giftable and flavors  are not completely accurate as described on website
I favor was horrible
arrived today - puffed wheat was stale not fresh - wwill not be able to eat
Unable to use in my machine
Got 1 lemon & 1 orange for gifts. These taste great but the lemon was dry & crumbly. No good
Do not waste your money
"Ordered Sumatran Reserve! Got Newman""s Own! Easy way to get rid of overstock."
The chocolate and matcha are better. This was very tart
I bought this as a gift for a child and The mushrooms did not grow .
The food I bought .was out of date in a week
Ordered peanut butter crackers. Got cheddar cheese.
Not really low carb. Doing Keto and this is not really good for Keto.
This item did not spray at all. I could not even use it and they will not refund me or let me return:(
Arrived totally melted
will not order again, every piece was broken
I will not recommended to nobody
I honestly did not like this tea, not for me may be for someone else.
item was gross and to edible to eat my daughter throw up
This product is dry and tasteless. Do not bother... too expensive too!
Product was expired by three months.
There was a super weird chemical taste to these. Had to throw them all out.
It definitely had the taste of spoiled lemons, it was not good.
Tasteless. Like eating styrofoam.
As the other reviews point out - the new formula tastes like chemicals and stale cardboard
arrived broken  unusable  no return or replace no one at home to talk about this
Did not enjoy it,was pretty plane tasting.Used to Britt Coffee,this does not come close
Tasted like cold medicine with perfume . My whole family hates the flavor.
The candy arrived melted and congealed to the container. Completely inedible.
What a sticky mess!  Wrappers writing stuck to the bag they were shipped in.
The package arrived with two small holes in it
Tastes awful! Did they dump the whole jar of Stevia in it? Cannot return it either.
It was way different from the other Betapac I have use just did not like
Poor after taste... stays with you for a few mins, need to wash it down with water
It is not compatible. Waste of money.
Weird, artificial taste. Not a fan.
I was under the impression that I was getting whole wheat bucatini noodles
Several of the bites were hard and the package was sealed.
Hard as a rock to chew
Waist of money.  Do not buy.
Never again. Not worth money paid. Very disappointing.
Worst candied ginger we have had.
Did not work on my bottles
It tasted artificial and was too thick.  Just not for me.  I gave it to someone who likes it okay.
These sticks smell like soap...not cinnamon.
Box arrived smashed...like....corners busted smashed.
Not worth trying. I trashed it away after trying the 1st pack...
I was expecting a lot more popcorn Disappointed
These was the worse flowers I ever seen
These are circle breads, not bagels. Go to new York. Eat a real bagel. These are terrible.
Such a mistake that I tride with this banana flavoring. I will never try this again!
I would tell you more, but I do not want to get a law suit against me. But do not buy this... crap!
Out of date and taste bad.
The bag was already partially opened, so we did not eat them.  Threw them away!
Item was open when it arrived.
Very watery - lacked flavor - could not give away to friends
There were warms in the nuts. Terrible staff.
Please check beans carefully or may hurt yourself. The stone damaged my mill. Very bad experience.
To many peppermint most disappointed.
The product we were sent was old and the ketchup did not taste good.
Item arrived damaged and spoiled
If I am going to eat a cookie or cake I want flavor, sweetness, indulges.
Product was delivered with a hole in the packaging and did not provide option to replace
It expired about a month before I received it! Had to throw it away.
I opened the package of onion bulbs and they were squishy, moldy and rotten. Unusable
2 of this cups explode in the unit top did peirce just tore
Good value for the money but not to my taste
I was looking for a big bag of corn meal not such a small trial size bag. Was disappointed.
Disappointed could have gotten these cheaper at at the dollar store. Will not be buying again.
Had a big rock in it last time I bought. Poor flavor and consistency - taste like gooey mush.
Horrible taste. It has this spiceyness that is just nasty.
It is like the size of a container that would go into a doll house kitchen!
Mayo was good but they robbed me on cost berses quantity
Opened the can. It stinks.
Clumpy, not sour, and no taste! Waste of money and they were not even willing to exchange it.
NUTS WERE OVER BAKED OR JUST DRIED OUT AND HARD, STALE TASTE. I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT
Awful, stale and soggy outdated.
Package came with 1 when description said it is a 3 pack
Arrived with the oil cap open
Item came with seal broken. could not return!!!!
Very grainy and odd texture. Taste like it is mixed with protein powder.
Product was supposed to come with a cold pack and it did not and some items were melted?
Hard as a rock even hit with hammer and it is in a million pieces
Half were broken, melted, or turned white. Tasted stale.
sorry this item never made it to me.
half the candies have open wrappers in the bag
I received the glass jars in a BAG.  I received a bag of broken glass.
Too sweet and just left a bad taste in my mouth. I tossed it.
I thought it was a spice it was some kind of tea
It does not taste like pineapple I was a bit disappointed
I was really looking forward to trying this. Unfortunate, it tastes awful.
The whole package was smashed! All of them were broken! And says no refund!
Product was no good
The sprinkles arrived crushed and mostly powder
All heat no flavor
Very small, difficult to crack, not much good taste. But tasted awful, not very fresh.
This honey has a bitter and nasty after taste, it definitely taste like something was added
Most of the bottles were dented.
Inedible. Ineligible for return so I had to just throw them out. :-(
Not worth it, cannot even taste anything
Was not ripe. To hard & no flavor.
Old, poor variety and overpriced.
All of the chocolates I have opened are discolored. The one I ate tasted chalky as well.
Yukky tasting... and I love Tuna! Expected better taste ---------
Item advertised as 100% maple syrup, but package shows corn syrup as an ingredient.
Old and outdated.
They tasted horrible. Bad after taste. I threw them away. Stale and bad taste.
I paid money for a product that tasted like old pencil erasers
Very deceiving. I was also searching for unsulphured. These have sulphurdioxide.
Very upset this time. Our oatmeal arrived late. Moreover, all the cans were dented.
Very little truffle flavor. It is just not there.
I used to eat this when I was a kid There is aftertaste I do not like it cannot be the same company.
No chocolate taste at all. A mouth of sugar.
The dates were a soupy, crushed inedible mess.
Horrible...eat a small bowl of real pasta... or gluten free...
The flavor was horrible. I will not buy again.
The cups do not work with kurig machine
Gross the nuts did not taste normal. Found a bug really gross.
Item was very cheap and not pretty or as what I expected
Not spicy at all. They were extremely sweet.
Did not care for the taste. Had virtually no fragrance or taste.
Bottle arrived broken. First time I used it it leaked everywhere. Worthless
Tastes nothing like Red Robin camp fire sauce! Is not even the same color. Money wasted buying this.
The texure and flavor both.  Not good.
Paid for a box of 16 meat sticks. Only 1 was delivered.
Really not what I expected. Cannot blame manufacturer. Just not me. I want hotter.
This product was received open and missing pieces of candy - totally unacceptable.
Most of them were black when we received them and we ended up eating only two of them
parts are as a hard as a rock, do not buy
the spout pours poorly making quite a mess
Half the mandarins were squashed and rotten
The product is out of date, twice!
Flavor was not very good, due to it being all natural; if that is your thing than buy this!
Stupid for trying it. Even more stupid if you still do after hearing the warning
Taste like crap.  Do not buy.
I do not like the price; too expensive,
Horrible I got sick to my stomach
All came broken and I cannot retun.
Rip Off! Tiny bag of tiny candy!
1 of 10 seeds sprouted and it died after the 9th week.
Only came with one pack!! Supposed to be 6 packs!!
Not worth it....candy coating tasted funny and almonds were stale
They are stale. Hard as rocks
Was not the size I expected. I am retuning you are product for refund
Taste was not great and did not feel well after eating.
Absolute worst! Zero flavor. You are better off using garlic powder than this. 
It came completely broken I am soooo mad
Due to the candy being so old it was hard and has to be thrown away
Too sweet for me.
Product is expired!!
This product was rancid when I received it.
This product arrived opened and with a terrible smell... the soup has a rotten smell
What a ripoff only got a role of cookies
Way too husky!! I would never buy again. We will throw away.
Very small bag for the price!
Way too sweet berry fillings ... no no
The package arrived with the seal broken and packets of coffee just poured out of the box.
Bad quality unuseable
Super small. The surface are broken.
Paid way to much for the item and shipping
Might not be the companies fault but sugar was so lumpy.
Inside this tea k-cup was coffee
The crust was horrible.  Was gooey and tasted underdone  I had one bite and threw them all out
This product arrived broken and leaked over my other purchases. I would like a refund.
"This product was not what the ""hype"" is all about - cold oats is not very tasty"
Weak. Cannot taste the coffee.
This water taste like it has already been in somebody mouth
Ordered a 4 pack only received 2
Several packs of chips were open and spilled inside the shipping box HUGE MESS!!!!!!
Box only contained 31 items not 50.
Both times I bought this, the seal was broken
These are not very flavorful and they are super sticky and hard. Would not buy again.
all melt out so in the trash...  will never buy it online.
Arrived melted and messy.  Centers missing or melted out.  Not as expected.
A chemical concoction. I will not purchase again!
These were all crumbling in packages and I would not advise anyone to order them
So disappointed. All flavors were AWFUL. Very perfumey, overly artificial tasting.
If I could give these ZERO stars I would. Absolutely disgusting!
It arrived broken into many pieces. Very disappointed.
it smells and tastes super bad, how did it rot, I do not know why?
Not worth the money 2 small bags Very over priced, can find cheaper elsewhere
It was the same ingredients as the beef one
Only a few bars I cared for so next time IF I order these I will be a bit more choosy!
The ingredients we are stale. It must have been on the shelf for a while.
it was spoiled rotten
Package came half opened did not trust it so did not eat it a waste of my money
The product was smashed in my mailbox. The chips were dust.
Had to order another
These do not  really work well. It is a faded color when it does. Very disappointed. And cannot return
Stale! I only buy Basset's now. Not only for quality but for freshness.
Was leaking from bags and does not seem to be authentic.
I was so disappointed. I did not receive any worms only a bag of eggs and bites! Not one crawler!
Everything on it, sorry. No flavor at all
Did not enjoy these. Just tasted off.
Probably the worst food I have ever tasted.  And I will eat almost anything . Terrible
Tastes terrible.
Too strong of a flavor.  Just not for me
I ordered a case and every last bag of chips were stale!!! Total waste of money :(
That Is not Chocolate.  That is Hazelnut.  Gave the rest away.
Price went up $17 in a month.
My cookies were all crumbs
Way too expensive for what you get. I found a much cheaper alternative.
I only received 2 packages of 12....not 2 packages of 24!?
This has high fructose corn syrup and soy in it. How can this be considered low FODMAP?
Much much worse than I ever would have expected.
not a great taste with coffee and has no protein
It is disgusting. I threw up literally.
Odd taste as well, though it is mostly tortilla.
French vanilla coffee not enough flavor
Taste like Lucas! Soo gross not too sour
They came rotten!!  And are non returnable!
Bag came with a hole in it and the granules spilled all over the box. No way to return or replace.
The item arrived completely shattered. Smashed.  I had to throw it away.
Tastes absolutely terrible.
Bottles were not capped correctly.  Leaked in package.  Sticky mess!
This product expired February 11th
Came in a poly bag all the ramen taped and the noddle crushed
Just sugar taste not hot throwing in trash.
Box came already opened
Received product that is almost one year out of date. Will not make this mistake again.
Strong coffee but very bitter. Not smooth at all.
All crumbled up and not eligible for a return
I am not sure when to trust the product.
I would not buy this again. They say they put more tea but it just is not strong at all.
When I opened package there was I removed lid and there was no cardboard cover
One of the ingredients was missing.
Not the best Earl Grey product! Sadly. Taste like normal tea, nothing else.
TASTES LIKE WATER.
Pork Ingredients! If you are religious or a vegetarian, this product is not for you !
turns brown instead of green. i tried this in hot and iced lattes as well as baked goods.
old, will buy  locally from supermarket Will not buy again from amazon.
Broke two out of 3 bottles, no way to get replacement or refund
Could not use the flour. The canisters were broke open and had a smell
I wanted to like this. The price is great. This was awful dark roast.
Taste very old... must have been a bad batch
Tiny package for the price!  Absolutely ridiculous
Poured a tenth of the bottle into 1 cup of tea and still no sweetness.
Arrived completely broken, not reliable for returns either
2nd time product came expired!!!!!
They were an edible and they refused to return my calls or emails
Not good quality its breaking.
Nor licensed by Keurig.  Does not work in my 2.0 brewer.  Not returnable.  DO NOT BUY THIS ONE...
The ingredients were stale when delivered.
This brand is not good candy did not taste fresh as others I have brought
Over priced, just ok, not worth the cost.
Very hard.  I like the fact that it was not very sweet
I had this placed for a *month*, ants just come in, eat it and never die. Still have ants.
Weak, even with two tea bags. Taste is bland. Not my cup of tea.
More than half the box was broken and unusable
Taste was super bitter.  Would not recommend.
Its a lie Only recieved 1 box, not 4 as described!
The taste was awful. Very disappointed overall
These are the worst I have ever tasted.Mushy,(not hot) and terrible!!!!!
This is probably the most burnt tasting awful coffee, I have ever drank... Could not even finish it.
Two bags, both nothing but crumbs. We will never try them again.
This package arrived with completely rotten and moldy leaves.
This is the worst stevia I have ever tasted. It tastes like pure alcohol.
Old candy and no nestles crunch. Ripoff
All products in this order are expired on arrival.
Chicken pot pie without the chicken!
The box arrived opened with one of the packets missing. Ridiculous and gross.
Does not dissolve in cold or hot water. It leaves clumps making it gross to drink.
The container was opened. There was no lid and the plastic film was ripped open.
Awful little pies. Bad tasting.
This needs to be replaced.
However, I ordered Salisbury Steak, disappointing!
Received product, again, broken open. Ruined entire order.
Dislike, because it came as peppermint not marmellow. Just received, but can not return.
Product good.  Found other stores cheaper.
Somehow it tasted like hay. I am usually not all that picky but these were awful.
Mis advertised..bad flavor.  Zip Fizz is delicous though.  Beware...
Took over a month to get and they were all stuck together and wet
I do not know the bottle was damaged and the product spilt inside the bag.
The tea smells amazing but the flavor is bitter and no flavor of chocolate or strawberry.
Good taste, but hard as rocks.
Not in original box as expected.  Normally sent in original box.  Not happy!
Do not buy the cookies and cream! No flavor and cut my mouth up trying to eat them.
We love fresh/ soft twizzlers but these were a disappointment .
Are they really tea leaves ...?
Cookies came completely melted.
I did not order a 30count ... ordered 90.
will not buy again postage was more no good
Package was torn .
no !THESE ARE TINY-DO NOT BUY.! I BOUGHT 3 BIG ONE FOR $3 IN LOCAL SUPERMARKET-WASTE!
The French roast is weak and stale, definitely not going to buy again.
Opened package and it was leaking all inside of bubble wrap . Cap was loose !
We opened these right after they arrived and tried them, they have a very strong styrofoam taste.
Candy had awkward stale taste.  Also label on box torn off.  Not happy with purchase.
Drinking water cracked caps water was ok
The icing unfortunately is more like a gum than any type of cream or icing.
Awful would not buy again
Very salty, little other flavor, almost no heat.
Bag said roasted and salted they were not have a bad taste very disappointed
The items in the box were smashed beyond recognition and chip bags were popped open.
Tastes...not good!  Sorry Banza!
The description says  5 pack but you only get one(1).
It was sponge like .. was embarrassed at my party
This order came with one (1) teabag!  For almost $9.00!  Be careful with your order!
Nothing like Gingerbread...
Awful. No jasmine flavor at all. Cannot return as discarded the pack. Waste of money.
Dried out abd horrible
Damaged container...had to dispose of it...could not use it.
The pack yess open and I was unable to get a refund
This product has poor ingredients. I did not open it. I want a refund.
This cannot be eaten, they are as hard as a rock.
It did not taste like the real ricoffy from SA. Buy at your own risk
Taste has too much alcohol. Would not buy again
taste like nothing ... do not purchse
The flakes are moldy, covered with green-white residue. Package unopened. Will try to return.
Not as good as original tajin.
Wow, this coffee is awful.
It arrived in a blob - disgusting!
Grocery store returns, I think. Inedible.
Sees are always  good  .
Yuck. Tasted gross, texture was gross.  Will not buy again.
More salty taste than cheese
Receive product too close to the expiration date not happy about that
Where completely milted
I thought this was 12 packs of 12 cans and now I cannot return them. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY
The boxes came smashed and open.
It just taste awful. Xylitol is so much better.
Why would you change something that was already good?
Not a 6-pack! The $30 is for one 8.8 oz. box.
Product was completely melted in the box.
This product came melted together like a brick Will never order again
Horrible product no taste what so ever.
Tiny box for the price like only 2 bowls of cereal worth for 12 bucks... Never again.
Way too sweet.  Tasted like pure sugar
Not worth the money! Flavor is not the best
There are no expiration date and it is look expired
Would not buy again
Packages are not sealed well. Stale product.
Each bag/oz is overpriced. I usually get them from other stores.
One of the bottle tops broke
Spoiled all of them. So could not use
Gave me itchy feet. Stopped taking it.
i am sure the flavor is going to be fine, but the packaging is aggressively terrible.
The product was expired. Best by listed on the product was May 2022.
Very watered down taste. No hazelnut flavor
do not buy this taffy was hard as a rock threw the whole bag away do waste your money
The portion size was small, the kernals did not all pop well. The popcorn came out burned.
Would be great if they did not put so much pepper on it.
Very small bag with about 54 pieces.  Not worth what I paid for and cannot return.
It is not royal blue, unfortunately cannot return. Not recommended if you want to buy royal blue
not pleasant tasting or smooth or nice flavor. Just a cheap green tea slightly bitter.
I am happy to rate it when it arrives.
Like the portion size  Disliked the taste, did not,taste like carmel but bourbon.
Do not buy. Bulbs were separated and destroyed, would not bloom
It is not close to real one only the  syrup No es igual solo la Chan ac est bueno lo dems no
I just wanted to try it. Not my thing!
Package arrived with one jar broken!
The noodles are OK. Everything else? NOT. Buy something else.
I bought it for a gift. It arrived shattered.  Unable to use. It says I am unable to return it.
Everything was stuck together and you could not even get them apart, to eat on.
last batch we found quite bitter. will have to look for a substitute or a different seller.
Not sweet or spicy. Meh.
We ordered 96 kcups but only received 24.
This product is not have much flavor...especially when you get to the end!
FAKE FIJI. WAS NOT PACKAGE IN BLUE AND TASTE LIKE TAP WATER.
It did not resolve my problem
Arrived quickly.  Very coarse texture rice flour.  I will go back to the brand I used before.
While they are perfect....except they arrived expired
This is not Ginger period
I eat this candy bought at asian store. nice and chewy. this stuff is hard and stale.
First time buying, loved the flavor but as I approached the end of the bag I found this one???
I Do not like the taste..
I did not think the flavoring (artificial), and sweetness pleasant at all
It was stale upon arrival. Not good tasting and mediocre at best.
No these are NOT peach blossums
Total crap. Do not order.
They tasted stale, I feel like I just threw my money away.
It arrived broken
I am not sure these actually contain any banana. Just a blob of chocolate.
The freshness and flavor is amazing, and I certainly cannot stop eating them.
just was not what I expected. I was very disappointed and threw them away
Would prefer small 100 calories bags
There is no safety seal on the jars
It is disgusting. I do not understand how anyone eats these.
I can buy this same item at Wynn Dixie and Walgreens at 3 12packs for $10 all the time
most of the stuff is not candy and tastes like rotten fish.
Order was for a pack of 6 and only received 2!!!
Dry, hard not worth getting.
It was horrible trying to get it down!
The taste was nasty! Total waste of money.
This is usually great, but was expired upon delivery.
I have to be honest this was not good at all. There was no Olive taste i do not know what the flavor was.
I am sure these are good but they did not come in the mail. They did refund though
It took two months to get here. Not the size pictured. Very disappointed.
The bag is small. You can get this at Walmart for $5. It is not bulk.
hated it did not like the taste yikesss want to return it or sell it how do i go about that
The flavor is disgusting.  I use mine as a fabric softener and floor cleaner.  Do not ingest this.
Took forever to get chunks out.
This Pod Coffee did not have much of a flavor and did not provide the caffeine lift as advertised.
I bought four boxes of these and each box had 11 not 12
I was very disappointed with the taste and texture of these bars and discarded them.
Not worth the wait
Garbage at $6/can!  I get to biuy it and dispose of it!
These tasted like something other than blue raspberry, they tasted awful!!!
Cherries were not dried but wet and tasted like prunes.
Do not buy it not really good.
I ATE HALF A BOWL. AFTER THAT I STARTED THROWING UP.
Wish these eggs would last longer.
Does not taste like butterscotch to me. Picture shows three tins you only get one
Container arrived broken, which because the fondant to dry out.
Did not like it at all  added stuff and still did not  went in the trash.
Do not waste your money. Regular pickles in a bag you can get at a gas station.
Buyer beware got 12 packs of 1 oz. Should have been 12 packs of 7.5 oz. Sold by Stock Your Home.
Most tasteless disgusting Neto snack I have ever tried. Like sand with no flavor in you are mouth.
It was very hard, not sweet. Will not buy again.
Product arrived with a slice in the container leaking  grease  everywhere .. grrr
Box came damaged and gums are rock hard. I would like to be refunded and I will ship it back
I would not expect maltodextrin in a supposedly healthy product.
Item arrived with smashed box and broken pretzels inside.  Can not be given as a gift
THESE ARE HORRIBLE! HAD BUGS IN THE PACKAGES SO I THREW THEM AWAY IMMEDIATELY!
Package damaged on receipt. Item loose in package. Could not return or get a replacement. Stunned
They where all broken and crushed
This was not very good lime flavor. Too. sweet!
Great idea, but completely gross texture and taste.
see above comments
this stuff is gross. I like thick mustard but this is gross.
Not worth 6 dollars!
Cannot return and cannot find where to get a refund. Product arrived expired a week ago.
Product not good its difficult  to use
Very disappointing. Thought they were made in usa. Wrong. If I could have negative 5.stars I would
Its melted I could not even brung myself opening them
It came only half full, considering it is already overpriced it is definitely not worth the buy.
Tastes terrible.
Totally falling apart making a huge mess
bits  and pieces
Absolutely no flavor. Would not purchase again.
The most disgusting thing you will ever taste. If you are looking for Hot Cheetos, look elsewhere.
Item arrived damaged
Not good for hot drinks. Clumpy
I am sorry but the broccoli cheddar is super bland and the cheese crips are flavorless
Over half the unicorn suckers were broken.
These are disgustingly horrible.
The box was damage. And the water wasted in the box
Totally gooey. Lame. This is not that good.
So hot. Cannot eat more than 1 without gasping for breath. Will not return!?!?!? Rip off!!!!
Only sent 3 of the 4!!
The bag was sliced open and spilling into the envelope it was shipped in.
Got it May 17, 2020 and it expires June 2020
Not that tasty. The consistency is too oily, even if mixed.
Not sour at all and way over priced
Not a fan.  Poor taste and consistency.  Disappointed, will not buy again.
Disappointed as it has no taste at all
Not good. Texture is odd, flavor was odd.
This item arrived with the lip partially opend and spilling all over the place.
Product came spilled in the bag, has a medicinal taste 
Dry and to many calories for just 14 grams of protein .
Received today 26 feb 2018....freshest by date 15 feb 2018 ....not happy atall!
I thought I ordered regular bbq sauce
These cookies are hard as rock candy.
Tooo sour amd taste gross. Smell like spit. Threw them away so fast.
my plants failed to grow no matter what I did.
Bag had holes In itproduct is stale. VERY DISAPPOINTED 
It was leaking. I do not recommend this product.
Taste is different now... Will not buy again
Tried them and I got very sick of them. Not a fan and I cannot even return them
Very powdery taste. I could not finish the daily dosage, it would be great if it mixed better.
IT IS AWFUL!!!  IT DOES NOT HAVE ANY TASTE, DISAPPOINTED!!!
Outdated!Not fresh stale!
it tasted weird, a bit sour.
this product does not work
I do not like sine I to dumb in flours I just old thinking I guess
Do not order this. The tea bags were broken and not usable. Big waste of 40 bucks
It was all melted
It has a bad after taste
Flavor was good, but it was extremely salty. I threw the rest of the packets away.
THIS ITEM DOES TASTE GOOD AT THE WAY IT IS SUPPOSE TO TASTE.
I did not taste any mint at all. Not worth it.
ALL 6 CANS WERE DENTED.  THIS COULD CAUSE SICKNESS.  VERY UPSET...
Old!!! Received on 11/22/2020 with an expiration of 11/16/20!! Not happy and unable to return
Did not come with 50 items
All 12 cans are dented. Trying to get it resolved.... :-(
Wife says  do not buy again....Taste is okay, but supermarket Pravit label like WholeFoods better.
Actually quite disappointing. A bunch of chocolate covered gummy worms with OK tasting chocolate
"Description says ""fruit spread"". This is NOT fruit spread, its grape JELLY!"
very sticky texture. did not like the taste
These crackers were stale!!!
Tastes awful on steak as a quick dry aging agent!
It taste like paste with sugar.  I love Walden farms products but this. I do not recommend.
Buy your assortment from someone else.  Candy arrived crushed to bits.
Worst taste of coconut water I ever had!!! Never again!!!
Unfortunately, it tasted pretty watery.
I did not see and results with this product.
Not worth the cost for the amount.  I will not reorder in the future.
Items were old and stale.
Expires within 2 months of receipt
This is literally a ripping  off not worth  at all. I wish I can return  it.
Expiration date was too close and pretzels were stale
product tastes more like flowers than vanilla...not as described!!!
All we got was a empty bag no candy in it
What a rip off. The bag shown and what you get are entirely different. I got 3 baby potatoes!
Mallomars were not fresh, almost stale!
DISLIKE ALL CHIPS WAS NO GOOD
Would have never bought, has MESSAGE in it and it was,not listed
Scam, only one box containing 49 Packets.
I was disgusted with this purchase. They taste old.
The plant arrived dried out and never recovered. After a few weeks, it is DEAD!!!
The box was broken into and 1 of the sausages was missing.
Broken saggy products and about to expire
Dislike the product , would not recommend , super small
These are rock hard and almost impossible to chew. 
The whole package expired 3 dats befire receipt. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Way way over priced and less then half the size I paid $20 for this bs.
Literally might have had 2 packs that were not completely crushed up in crumbles.
Horrified about receiving a product almost half empty. Freshness seal opened.
They are stale and no taste very disappointed
Probably the most regrettable purchase I have ever made on Amazon . To the seller you got me $$$$$
I purchased this item and received it 3/24/2021 and it expired 3/5/2021. This is not ok!
Nasty and you cannot return. I tried real hard
It looked like the top ripped and they tapped it back together and the side of it was open.
It is expensive and very bitter.
All cans severely damaged and discarded -fear of product contamination. Deeply disappointed.
Overly priced for texture and taste...
Did not fit into a standard cupcake or was too big
This was a great disappointment the arrival time was extended 3 times
Regular raisins  , not jumbo as advertised.
Taste terrible, hard after cooking, like eatin nothing
The top was not sealed correctly, and fluid in the jar leaked a lot.
It was good but only if you have to drink it DO NOT BUY IF YOU DO NOT ABSOLUTELY HAVE THIS SICKNESS
Tastes nothing like carmel
How can you charge $60 for that?you are beyond the legal limit.
Has malitol- deceptively advertised. Lazy Of them to not use all stevia
Disappointed. This is NOT Sweet Peppermint gum. Buyers beware.
Disappointed the item arrived in a broken glass jar, quite a mess and very dangerous
fresh flowers misstated this product.  Almost all the petals were off the roses when delivered.
Not sure why the flavor was so off but I still have the entire jar. The pickles are very bitter.
I dod not care for the taste or texture.
I order them alot but this last batch is so stale it is
It does not relax you, make you drousiy,,nothing.
Arrived melted, broken and smashed inside of bag. Very disappointed.
Came damaged and you cannot return
Ordered two boxes and only received two bags, what a rip-off, have to spend my time to return
Way too much preservatives
No variety! All chocolate
Gross and they do not refund
They were all inedible.  Mushy and moldy.  So gross.  Very disappointing.
Not fresh and moldy
Look at the pictures of chocolates and it says everything about it
For the price I thought it would be a bigger. Not happy with the size for the price I paid
They wet were mushy & 1 had a whole in it.
This product was delivered open and not able to return. Very disappointed
This product was awful! Do not buy!
Do not like green tea that turns brown.
Got taken, no quantity listed!
This tasted like oil - just one small bite and I had to spit it out. :(
Product quality is not what it used to be. Purely mush.  Expiration date on product is January 2018.
Chinese barley. Does not smell good. Tastes weird.
They were hard and tasteless
Bought this 2 times and they were stale both times. Tried to complain but no answer.
Not recommended at all
Jar I received was open, so I did not get to try it. Got a refund.
When the bottles arrived the caps were both broken. I had to throw out both bottles.
Do not know what this is did not order this
Only 2 items were not the chili powder candy's. Awful flavor. Waste of money.
The product leaked and ants we are in the box.  Getting my money back
Very overpriced,beware.......and you will not feel good after you eat it.
Product was several months out of date!! Threw away. Tasted rancid?
There are several cups that are NOT compatable with keurig ! A waste of money
Bid for $7 1.5 oz and I pay 14.48 by at least twice and receive 1.5 oz. I feel cheated
an awful lot of broken pretzels
product expired when received
Not sure why but half of the order was open.
Came opened and I cannot exchange it. Will not order again.
They were rancid so inedible.
They were all melted went straight to trash
Too much bad seeds No good to eatsave it for birds
This is not kosher.  The description is misleading!
48g of sugar in a 3 oz. pack!! Do not people care what they eat?
Every single bag was open at the seam as shown in picture.
this was supposed to be a 50 count bad and i only got a 25 smh.
Tasted like it was 100 year old coffee. Never again would I purchase this..
The protective seal was open. Thanks for nothing
Omg; this is do cheesy!  Not worth 5 dollars.  Do not buy!
It smells bad and has lots of black stuff in the flour.
salty sweet but not bacon
This licorice was too hard to eat and not fresh at all.
No matter how I cooked it, it left a lot of popcorn unpopped. I do not like it.
It tastes like some sort of cough syrup. Smells even worse.
They came opined. And leaked all over
Brownies taste stale can tell they sat in the shelf a little to long
I was looking forward to enjoying this product but it came destroyed with no refund possible
Nasty, would not buy!
Some cans arrived damage
Tasted old and stale. Thoroughly disgusting. Usually my favorite. Very disappointed
Package arrived open with one twix missing.
My favorite creamer must have change the recipe it is terrible. I will never buy it again
I thought I bought decaf coffee but it is really mostly herbs.  Tastes like tea.
I thought this bread had a really funky taste.  This carb queen could not even stomach it.
There is no pineapple or ginger listed in ingredients
Too expensive. Needed some soup since I had Covid
Could not get the crust crispy.
made my cat sick
Really awful, not authentic at all.  Has almost a chemical taste.  Went straight into the trash.
Chemical taste and no real flavor!
Received nasty green tea flavor packets instead of sea salt.
Literally the worst thing I have ever eaten. Super gross!
NoNot what I expected,  it is going to take me a long time to eat all of these
Shipping of this item poor.  Cramed in folded to fit small box so product scattered and mashed
6/12 cups were pre-opened and the cereal ruined. Very disappointed
way to expensive , very little root beer flavor
Absolutely horrible. And the carbs are sky high.
Dislike this product!
This honey has a burnt, processed taste. No notes of wildflower, definitely blended
the product  was not sealed  when removed from package only the plastic cover
I noticed bugs when I open fed them.
Had a sour smell and it curdled as soon as I poured it in my coffee.
Flavor was terrible, nothing but vinegar. I tried it twice and then threw it out
Does not show ingredients 
I do not know if it was old or just not good beans at all but it does not taste that great
I only received three of the four packages advertised! They are delicious though.
Gross. Super-sweet with an awful aftertaste.
too expensive for the size bottle, love the stuff though!
They were stale and hard as rocks.
One container arrived broken. Very disappointed.
The candy did not stay in place. It was 1 place. Poor
These are WAYYYYY overpriced.
I had to throw them away they were melted when I got them.
This is not low carb as claimed. It is a scam. And cannot return it even though it is prime ..
Flavor is super strong, throwing away
Receipt says pack of 8 and I only received 1 ???
Could not use product was open and leaking before I could review the flavor.
This tasted horrible! I wish I could give it negative stars.
Do not waste money you can make it better at home.
We love these but the candy was very stale and not enjoyed at all.
It was sewing supplies!!!
They are stale candies
Not enough lemon flavor. Pop it in your mouth you do not get the taste.
Poor quality control especially for the price, dissatisfied for a gift 
It was very oily
Bag was broken. So I spend another $11 n still has zero flavor
I have ordered this twice before and it was great. This time, 98 K-cups are headed for the trash.
Did not smell or taste anything like rose tea...not much taste at all actually
There are only 3 or 4 pieces in each bag and the flavor is all off. Also stale. Do not purchase!
It was sour and the expiration date was still a week out.
This was advertised as 3 boxes for this price. Only one box was received.
Just cramps and diarrhea.. no weight loss
This might possibly be the worst drink I have ever tasted. I would rather drink green Nyquil.
all the cake weres crushed and stuck to the cardboard and the rapper and the chocolate was melted
Seriously. Dirt.  Not an earthy aroma, just straight up dirt.
Spoiled throw them away hope someone calls me
Have not tried it yet but looks like what I have been buying for less money.  Nothing say extra bold!
These taste no good
The taste and texture. This is a misfire that I cannot return. It does not dissolve smoothly
The smell is a little off. Does not smell like vanilla
I love real mangos with chili and lime but these are overpowering with chili and disgusting.
I paid $20 for this??!!!
Product arrived damaged. Lid was broken.
Why such normal product can be labeled so expensive???
Unfortunately the tube had been punctured and upon arrival and was unusable.
Very bad quality. Better wait for in-season watermelons in summer
Paid for an 18 count box, opened it and only had 15 packs inside.
This, and all forms of sugar are Poisoning us.
The preparation requirements were too involved. It was more than just mix and serve
Expired items.  Highly disappointed.
The after taste is horrible. I gave it away, just could not use it.
The product arrived damaged and is not returnable. Do not waste your money...
They were really hard to chew most have been a old box
The packaging was cheap and the drink was sub-par. Will not buy again.
Every single can was heavily dented upon arrival.
These were too hard! I am hoping they were just stale. Very disappointed
Not Good do not buy it.
Every can was dented in the box.
I ordered this in December 2014. When I received it, the expiration date was September 2014.
Do not give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list. They work with spammers.
They were all broken into little pieces
Large???  This squash is puny.  I am getting more and more disgusted with Fresh.
Horrible.  Tastes like burned ashes.  Not recommended.
It is very thick and tasteless. I tried adding salt, but could not get past the blandness
Does not really smell like cotton candy has a strong alcohol smell.
They were awesome! Love the availability.
Did not get this flavor. Instead got hot. Thankfully hot ones are not hot.
This is supposed to be truffle oil but it says artificial truffle flavor!!!
The lid  was lose and it leaked.  I will not use it.
Completely stale and inedible. Absolutely ridiculous.
$15 for one can. Do not buy. What a ripoff
Roastmaster Reserve Dark Roast Coffee Variety Pack  the 3 favors are horrible
Both separated, and also melted upon arrival.
Arrived all smashed up and stuck together.
It is garbage when I received it it had mole in it ! I am requesting my money back
Way too expensive Tast lowsey Use Ms Dash much better
Dry, small and expensive. Disappointing!
Followed directions to T and the darn things fell apart and messes up my oven.
Tasted bad. Ordered grape and tasted good and something was off with the apple.
Delivery took a long time, wrong color & wrong size & poor quality.
Original mixture was changed. The new one is horrible.
It tasted smokie
Looks like cornmeal and had the same texture (not something I want out of a pancake)
Makes coffee taste like dirt water and has an extremely weird aftertaste.
Over welming flavor. Not natural.
Tastes spoiled and has clumps in the bottom. Total waste.
I really wanted to try this but none of the packets work in the 2.0 keurig despite the description
Ordered the allergy tea and received the kidney tea! And no returns! Very upset!
Did not like that the cans were dented and some were extremely dented
Do not like the ingredients or the taste will not buy again
Fruit smells like sour vinegar Cannot eat this stuff ,,
I could not drink this water.  One or two sips and I had the shakes.  I guess I will stick with tea.
Very crumbly bread. Edges of several pieces broke off in bag. Will not get again.
tricky marketing.  cut package in half but not price
Boycott all companies pushing poisoned food.
Product was expired and package looked at least 10 years old.
Followed the directions per the written and youtube video. The images ripped and tore
These were totally smashed when I received them. Not good for dipping anymore. 
Expiry date was in 2 days :(
Massively overpriced.  4 very small bars.  Look around and you can find a better price.
Moldy , shriveled
Munched a handful of these things and threw them out. Maybe some dreams should stay dreams.
The hard taco she will were all stale and the soft one were not much better.
Tastes like creamer. Not enough coffee.
I rarely leave reviews but it is been several days and I am still thinking about how bad these were.
The ratio of yellow,pink and blue is off by a size able margin they are 80% yellow gumballs
Allergic to nightshades and this is covered in paprika.
Bag was opened and chips where spilled out over throughout the box.
This package of pretzels taste bad and stale do not recommend as cannot return so will throw away
Has no taste. Tried mixing lemonade with it but only tasted the lemonade. Do not buy
I should have bought a smaller package to try. I cannot even give it away.
Not clear that you are only getting 2 ounces of tea.  Will probably return
I could not taste any ginger
Not tasty at all.
These were horrible too hard and did not like fact they were in she will
These cookies were all over the place broken up and also taste horrible
Almost tasteless.  Overpriced
I have IBS and cannot have garlic buds. Oil infused with garlic provides the same flavor.
Who can believe its produced on 2015 and will expire in a month
This lettuce was showing signs of brown spots and the size was 1/4 of the normal size!
Cans were damaged, 1 blew up and the entire order was a mess.
NOT .29 per ounce.  8.63 ounces!!  Can I return a food item?  Totally jipped!
Bread tasted sour, despite it is crispy. Do not recommend
Wife hated this product. All sugar and not enough Nuts.
this is so small for $4.59
I would not feel safe using ytjis product
Awful.  Stale and hard
Tastes great but has  MESSAGE......which I have a reaction to...
Contains mostly stems not leaves.
There is a bit too much aromatic for my taste, but it works in a pinch.
Bag was way smaller advertised. Very disappointing especially for the price.
Gross, horrible aftertaste.
Was not fresh and had stale peanuts do not buy cannot get a refund!
It did not have a natural taste at all. It tasted like it was made with chemicals.
product was already expired when received. :(
No chestnut flavor just full of glucose
Leaked sticky residue all over bag & candies
flavor, texture, hard to chew turns into chewier beef jerky with not taste
Not a great taste. Takes forever to steep and get any kind of flavor.
Product tastes like it is super old and the meat has gotten really dark
This stuff tastes horrible
I was expecting these to be holiday coffees/flavored. The majority are just regular boring roasts.
These seed never germinated. Waste of money, it takes too long arriving.
These were the worst tasteless tomatoes.  Threw them Away.
Thought this would be convenient but did not work ended up making my own from scratch
I love ethnic food and this smelled horrific.  Had to throw it out it was that bad
This candy is stale and does not have a good taste. Do not waste your money.
This was difficult Not Easy to bake.  I even had another adults help. Also way over-priced!!
No one in my family liked it at all.
Sticky seemed raw
I would not recommend. Totally constipated from this product.
Was not good at all.  No flavor and really watered down.  Will not buy again!
This sauce taste nothing like the reviews I have read. It tastes like a tasteless oil with heat.
Broke could not use.
"I am sorry I bought these.  I was expecting something ""resembling"" Reese's.  I was WRONG!"
They were hard to chew. Maybe they were stale. It was my first time ordering. Never Again!
Production had a hole in it when it arrived. The syrup was all over package.
This was not a very good tasting flavor
It was not worth the money
This coffee is not good. It is definitely not 100% Costa Rican beans.
No stars. Product was burnt and too hard to eat. Will not purchase again.
How do people afford 15 dollars for a loaf of bread?!
This tea was disgusting. I gave it away :( Tastes like cough syrup.
Not at all as pictured expected more
Expecting sweet potato rice and got mush. Horrible.
All I can say is this stuff is the worst tasting creamer I have ever tried.
Lucky's have it for 13$ Great coffee
I thought I was purchasing an unsweetened tea.  Boy, was I shocked when I took a sip:(
Did not get to use because it came open and mesup the  box
Rancid - does not smell or taste right -  must be too old
Do not believe description It is balsamic
Seriously?! It arrives broken and leaking all over and it is not returnable?
The seed was so small than I thought.
stale and sweaty would not buy again
There was not really any cotton candy flavor to me
Candies were old tasting and dried out
The seal was already broken when this product arrived.
Sadly they are not looking to help you
Shady brown flesh and mush texture :(
Just received today. And they are broken :(.  No refunds.  Just be leary when buying.
Nasty taste like wet string.  I threw it out after first bite
I like most flavors of zevia but these are gross.
Total Rip Off for the price.
The sprouts are bitter, with a pronounced uncooked bean taste. Tried them once and threw them away.
These have to be the worst tasting lemon anything.  I just thru them out.
The packaging was redesigned about 2 years ago and I received the two year old or more bars.
The product had expired almost thirty days ago.  Poor poor quality control
I probably received an old batch of yeast, as it does not seem to do the trick!
Stale product, most sticks are broken. Do not buy!
Ordered two, essentially received one because one can was so dented it would be insafe to use.
Flavor is not good. Taste soapy.
Could not eat the peppers safely because they were mixed with glass.
Not worth the money
Rice was broken up and dirty with no flavor. Ended up tossing it.
Not what I thought it would be
This was horrible. no flavor at all. Like drinking water.
Highly addictive
There is no liquid in these.  Definitely not fresh.
Stale and crumbled. Yuck.
Product arrived spoiled, rotten, unedible.
This is horrible & I love chocolate almonds.  The taste of the chocolate is nasty.
Nasty not worth the money
Knew from ordering before that there was no way this was 180. Sure enough, there is only 80 in here!
Very disappointed with both the taste and texture of the meat. It really let me down.
Way too sweet. It does not even taste like meat. All you can taste is sugar and soy sauce.
Soggy, limp, cold bacon. YUCKY  Very disappointed with this one
mixes up nice but then the taste is gross.
Arrived on schedule, only 2 were alive. Disappointed, was looking forward to having this spice.
Not happy with this product beans were tough and tasted stale.
Never got a chance to use the product. This is how my product looked. I am beyond pissed...
For some reason these cookies upset my stomach I had to throw them out
Arrived crushed, along with the other items. Very disappointing.
Funny bitter taste mixed with too much sugar. I like normal sweet for a jam.
disappointing that there was only 1 pink rock. false advertising for sure and no returns!!!! BEWARE
These are the worst taking, gaveme a stomach ache. 
This is not sourdough. It is disgusting. DO NOT BUY!
Were not able to use in grilling/frying as casing was too fragile.
Too tough to chew !!!
the cherry were so old the filling was like very thin jjerky. crust very hard
Meal was leaking and had to be discarded.Please refund
Do not buy, waste of money.
Was opened and leaking
do not like the taste or texture....it tasted old... .... not able to return.... waste of money
The taste was ok in a way and my family hated the bread. I was very disappointed.
Watered down mess.
Product had been opened before opening box, did not trust content remaining
It cost to much taste like an old shoe  and smells real bad  one box is enough for me
Thought this would be a good alternative but carbs! Not keto friendly
"The nuts were not fresh-tasting and for a""large"" I do not think it is worth what I paid."
The ones I received were not fresh! Do not waste your money.
The box is too small, too expensive.
awful all bags tasted poisoned
Small, dry and poor quality.  We have enjoyed these in past years.  Big quality drop this year
The product arrived as a melted mess.
This did not rise.  I followed it to the letter.
The bottle was leaking it was damaged
Thrown out. Arrived thawed out. Will not buy again.
I received peanut M&Ms despite the label stating Reese's. Very disappointed. .
The pickle juice had a terrible taste. I will not reorder.
This came with no plastic lid! Not good for storing a large container.
Food product from a questionable source. Do not waste your time and money
The chocolates were all melted--I had to throw them away. :(
While date was ok, it had a funky color and taste, probably should of returned, just tossed!
I am sure some like this product. In my personal opinion, I just do not like it at all.
I was expecting something totally different. I will not be purchasing this again.
and I cannot return it or get a refund. Not cool in the COVID era!!!
The after taste was slightly rancid and oily.
904 CYCLE 1 the item was damage leaking all over
Melted and worthless
This product smells and taste like playdough!!
These arrived with a Best By date of Dec 31, 2020, so nine months ago.
Horrible!  No crunch at all.  Soggy and EXTREMELY SALTY!
I should have noticed this was for .5 ounces but I did not.  WAY to small for the price!
Nothing like a Greek Yogurt Raisin. Taste horrible.  It has a very dry taste.  Nasty
I want these items replaced just got 10 mins ago. This looks nasty
Only received 1 bag not 6
they were dried and hard to peel or open the husk. everything was thrown away. Unedible
Would not recommend.  Full of cream cheese and no bacon taste
This product would have been awesome for my keto journey but they taste like wet socks.
Stale and old tasting terrible product
Unfortunately every bag was stale. Complete and utter waste of money.
Produced broken when received.No return allowed....great
This popcorn did not pop and burned prematurely.  Do not purchase as it is not eligible for return!
Fast shipment, Not sour nor does it taste like pickles
These cloves have absolutely no scent. Maybe I got a package of old ones. Waste of money.
Not the same as the taco bell kind. Was Not a fan of the flavor. But item arrived in good shape.
thought we were ordering oriental flavor, got soy sauce instead......completely different
The cans were delivered dented, unable to eat
Let me and those dinners taste like dog food it was gross do not buy them
Came stale and asked for my money back :(
the bag was open with chips spread all over in the box.
Just received and all cans expired months ago May and Oct 2021.
Too thick and very gummy
The Pomegranate flavor taste like PRUNE JUICE!!!!
the flavor is awful!  nothing like crystal light lemonade flavor..will not purchase this again!!
Disappointed in taste, texture: Cookies stuck & melted together, stale tasting.
would not buy again
THE LICORICE WAS SO HARD YOU COULD NOT CHEW IT. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED!
Do not buy!  Disgusting!  Tastes like chemicals and texture is not like a mango at all.  So gross.
Do not buy this product. It arrived with seal broken and it is not eligible for return.
I have not tasted these yet. Just opened to discover that 14 of the 16 were cracked or broken.
I love rooibos tea but my batch of this made me nauseous and want to vomit.
Absolutely horrible taste i donated it to a pantry
This product tastes like chemicals and only faintly like cola. I do not recommend this.
Really really gross
This product, after a few uses, started clogging our machine.
Not the smooth chocolate we got before
Weird flavor and smell. Took a taste and threw the rest out.
A food product arriving like this is UNACCEPTABLE.
Order just arrived, February 28th, grapes are horribly moldy
The initial flavor was so-so, and really disliked taste it left in my mouth.
Can was destroyed during shipment. Zero stars.
Over 50% of suckers were broken upon arrival and not able to be given as a gift.
These were all broken up, packaged in a plastic mailer. Duh!
opened it all the candy was hard and super chewy not very edible.
Guaranteed to lock up your jaws. Very tough gummy bears!
Very weak flavor compared to Motts
I ordered the small 11.5 fl oz bottles and these are actually the 16.9 fl oz bottles.
Expired. That is gross. Uggghhh
Has a very unpleasant odor and taste.
You need to assemble the product and the cat heads do not stay on very well
Non-returnable. Package was open when arrived with 9 cups, and most of them were defective.
I ordered this on Oct 24 and it clearly says best by Sept 2020.
Not a good buy. No taste and expensive
Product arrived damaged, just like all the other reviews. Do not bother.
The cake ones are amazing but these were not ...very disappointed
Water is flat. Tast really bad. Do not order. It is not returnable. This is a rip off.
Every pack was smashed!! Will never buy these again and will warn everyone not to buy these
They were expired when I received them
They were elated wasted 25.00
Very weak. Is this for cuisine or general use?  Does not have either aroma or flavor. Returned.
Not good small....very bad? what kind small it?
Nasty taste Not easy to swallow
Arrived past freshest by date
Not happy. It does not work properly.
These are awesome
Disappointed with this purchase. We enjoy eating popcorn once a week
all you taste is the stevia no flavor at all
No need to explain. Items freshness date has expired
Vert deceiving in the picture. Read carefully. Basically $5.  for each pack of JELL-O!!!!
All crackers were smashed!
This has a bitter taste to it.
No where near a cheddar taste maybe would pass for American cheese.
Keep exploding in my Kurig. Sadly not returnable.
Not what I thought it would be
Very disappointed in this.  Was not what I expected.
This package is outdated
If I could give them zero stars I would threw them away after tasting one
If your looking to spend your money on something to throw in the trash buy this
our box only had 5 bottles in it should have had 6
We did not like it at all. We gave the remaining k cups to friends to try.
All of the cookies came broken
Received only 41 cans.... where is the other 7??!!
This smelled very foul.  I pitched it in the trash.
Label on it claims it could cause cancer
It has a floral aftertaste.
Does not fit in my keurig 2.0.  Waste of money!!!!!
stopped buying because their xyilatol is made in China
could not finish drinking the cup of tea...bitter.  no relaxing feeling either.
Spoiled I returned them for replacement... The replacements were spoiled as well...
Had to get a refund
Extremely salty and disappointed.
These are nasty!  Much better flavored coffees available. Do not buy!
a waste of money
Then this is for you! If you like a nice fatty sausage that fries up well, then look elsewhere.
Gave it to food pantry.
Every last box in my order had a hole in the fruit cup! not happy.
wastes of $ will not buy again I feel stupid for falling for the ad!
I received mine out of date. Threw in the trash.
Very crips, but the flavor is a turnoff.
Only got 4 pods.
and the taste of vinegar is overwhelming - does not belong on a pizza. Yuck and double-yuck.
This item tastes old, metallic and stale! If I could give it zero stars I would. What a rip off!
Bit and pieces, very little hole nuts. Not premium nuts any more.
The flavor of this stuff just sucks.  I love cajun, and this is not cajun
Old, stale, and over priced. Not worth it at all.
If cardboard could feel sad, this would be the flavor of its sadness.
Do not buy!!! Not worth the money, very small amount of candy for expensive price.
Nothing special, mild flavor. Not worth it!
Very disappointed as received expired and unable to return
Pumpkin seed was not fresh ..but could not bother go through the trouble to return it.
Do not try Spiced Chai, the taste and smell so storng and bad
Greasy nasty. Still ;looking to better stickd
Something wrong for sweetness.
The lid was cracked. I cannot return. Very disappointed
I know Nuwara Eliya very good, it is not. It is a simple cheap tea.
This size of this bag is very small, it is not worth the price
Literally 8to10pcs in each bag
We tried the Kevita hibiscus berry drink and it was like drinking a bottle of sparkling perfume.
Chocolate was discolored, hard and tastes old.  Date was not expired, but very poor quality.
Really did not  like it I would not recommend it
Chocolate was melted
There are pieces in this bag that are twice the hardness of corn-nuts. Like rocks/gravel.
Every can was damaged
Items came broken with paste all over package inside the box
Ridiculous garlic amount
Product arrived with green mold inside the package!
Jesus. Horrific. Watery gravy, processed chicken cubes. And those are supposed to be dumplings?
The stalest plantains I have ever eaten. Unfortunately I ordered an 80 oz bag 
Value for money it said 6 boxes but only was 6 dumplings
The pumps do not work.  Defective; and they are not returnable :(
Too sweet and chalky... Yuck!
I almost broke my tooth from an unpitted prune.
Literally tastes like cardboard.  I had hoped for a Rye Crisp equivalent.
These candies are bland and do not have much flavor or even variation in flavor. Save your money.
I am missing one pack of lemon drops..
A bunch of them were open and it spilled all over. Very sad!
Horrible chemical taste
Product arrived broken and leaking, almost cut myself!
Was advertised as a 5pack and it came as 1 12pk.. The price point is terrible
Way too Granny Smith flavor for me, overpowering.
Gum was STALE and HARD!! I am so disappointed 
Got two items but neither were what were pictured 
Horrible ... spent close to $20 on a bag of VERY SOFT, stale brazil nuts.
The product was damaged when delivered.
Box came damaged and the product expires 8/29/19
The package came completely destroyed. Coco powder is everywhere!  What a mess!  Please refund.
Product came bent not ti mention it was short a few. Ended up not using them.
Disappointed. Tastes chalky, even after mixing, and the banana taste was off
The advertisement says it is supposed to be a two pack. I only received one jar so buyer beware!!
Too soft...will not buy that brand again
Unhappy with this product. This came broken and coffee powder spilled all over the box.
Product is fine but shipping is not.
Please do not cut the fire bread, thank you
I never got to taste it because the jar was completely smashed. Smells good... :(
Every can was expired the day before the purchase date!!!!
Got a bad batch, soft and disgusting hit or miss I guess because I had a good jar before
My product came damaged and there is no way to get a refund or replacement.
The taste is not the same.
if it has sunflower or any starch is no keto
The flavor was terrible
taste terrible. Tyrin to find Cindy's Kitchen is like pulling teeth.
I lose my appetite when I read the box and I just aim towards bananas and oats. I am good.
unfortunately the jar was open when delivered-it was garbage day so I just tossed it out.
It is smelly and old product. Should not sell it any more
Product was broken
half of the cans were damaged
Arrived damaged! Unable to return.
Product arrived to my home damaged. Bad tasting. Amazon refused to resolved the situation.
The box came cracked leaving sugar everywhere and all the candy stale.
Had so many better tasting and texture. This tasted old.
I only received one tin!!!!! for 32 dollars!!!!!
Opened the bag today.  All the lollipops are melted getting all the other candy sticky and gross!!
Description indicates 10 boxes, only got 1 box
Burn taste and the worst part I bought two bags smh
Not satisfy at all.. very disappointed..would like a replacement or a credit
Liked product. Gave just the right flavor I needed.
Fatty and not very tasty. :(
Item arrived with a hole in the back, powder leaking out. Please send me a new bag!!!
Both cans were dented. Cannot return. Buyer beware.
Did not like the very strong citrus taste. Overwhelmed the hazelnut.
Yuck horrible in every way
Chillies covered moldy. Do not buy. Saving you the pain of processing returns or trashing it.
Not fresh at all.  Too expensive for the size of cake.  Does not taste authentic at all.
The cotton candy came ruined in a shrunken ball. There is no option for a return.
Item arrived completed melted with no insulation to help prevent it.
Terrible taste/texture.  Love the chicken ones but this one was not good. Sorry.
Bean is dried up and broken. Not fresh and no scent. Would give no stars.
Not worth the amount charged.
Theee was no chop sticks with my purchase,no returns
This tea takes nothing like Chai tea.
Tastes terrible.
Matzo pieces instead of Matzo bread.
Flavor is cheap and not at all what it is supposed to taste like
Would love to review the product but cannot get the freaking lid off!
Chocolate was covered in mold upon opening.
Box was cracked and candy was all moldy
Did not bother my sensitive stomach I would buy again
The crackers arrived stale & inedible!
Did not like the products taste.
It was like chewing on rocks
The product was expired
The amaretto flavor tastes chemical.
Unfortunately contained too much salt to be able to enjoy!
So much for quality control.  Delivered without a bottle top.  Very disappointing!
Weird and chunky. Very powdery. Mix does not dissolve well which makes the drink gross. Do not buy.
Tastes horrendous. Can not return product unfortunately so be cautious.
Very watery. Maybe I used to much water but I have had better.
Tasted horrible - was not even edible - so full of unnatural ingredients. Save your money.
Gross gross gross!! If you like to drink straight chalk then this is for you.
Everything is bad...the packaging, the powder, everything!
Fast delivery but was a month out of date! So it was a waist of money
thought this was almond milk. it has soy in it. yuk. will not reorder.
Product arrived broken open and smushed. No returns or product support.
The tea was not what I expected, therefore the seller kindly refunded me. Thank you!
I is bitter and very dry.
Do not buy this it tastes terrible
You can get a better deal at Sams club. 20 bottles for $18, 16oz each. 4 different flavors.
Box was supposed to have 6 bags inside...only had 5.
Totally inedible. The coating also tastes very waxy
Item arrived with seal removed
Disliked that it does not really impart a sourdough flavor or smell at all.
Broken top.  Leaking in box clearly seen from outside.  REPLACE
Peanut butter is completely dried out, taste old
I received the package but bottle of vinegrette was open and unsealed.
Thin, vinegary, gone in one night just trying to get some flavor out of it
this is a liquid. i was looking for the powder version. Was not able to use this product.
The texture was just ok. The flavor was horrible.
See above in headline
I did not like the flavor or consistency.
Bottle was leaking when received and I am unable to return.
Box was really beat up. Not at all a good value. Way over priced
Pops small. 1 cup does not even make a microwave bag full
Broken in box cannot use and cannot replace
Disappointed that price went up because I ordered more than 1!
Some of the cashews were soft and they should not be that way. I will not buy from them again.
Need to return ordered the wrong thing
Plant is 80% dead
The aroma was bad and would not buy again
Completely broken
Not worth the cost and delivery would not be at my door likes I asked over and over again.
Loved it but some of my gummy bears had a weird white filament around them
This was the most disgusting tea I have ever tasted!
Will not buy again they taste like peanuts very low quality
Well my family felt like this was tuna or salmon.  Not good at all.
Insanely hot. Burns for hours. Does not even have a taste.
I am Disappointed by the lack of Flavor
We are all old tasting
Not original do not buy too expensive for a fake imitation
Two of the cans were dented. It appears to me they were dented prior to packing. Wasted money.
Love the product but after opening box pouches were scattered in box and there were only 9.
These were used once and they dried up. Do not recommend.
This smelled and tasted gross. I will not be buying again.
Read the description carefully. Everything about it is intentionally misleading.
Not good value for money. Wish I would just gone to dollar store this was a waste.
This coffee left a weird irritating feeling on my tongue.  I drink black coffee and this is worse!
Came to me all clumped up. Ended up just throwing it out.
This was more like a vegan cream cheese not really a feta I personally did not like it
Tasted like mold! Must have been sitting on the shelf too long! Asking for a refund
Absolutely terrible
Super bummed - got shipment but the ice packs were warm and not safe to eat
This product is defective, chocolate is discolored and melted
The bag came with all broken pieces.
They were hard and stale - every package.
I thrown the in the garbage.  DO NOT BUY.
This coffee is not strong at all
I love this stuff but the liquid (part B) spilled inside the tub and the product is unusable.
Too high for the product. Will not buy from this vendor again
OLD AND THEY WAS BROKEN UP SO BAD AS IF THEY WAS THROWN AROUND. NO QUALITY AT ALL.
Awful with no flavor.
Gummy, thin, uck
Hardly any flavor.
These are so nasty. Save your money and just skip waffles
This combination of flavors tastes more like wine that is gone bad
My item came without the skillet and a broken package of mix.
They did not taste anything like haribo peaches & actually made my stomach hurt.
Will not order again
The candy was not fresh.  The candy tastes a bit stale.
It is the worst cream soda I have ever tasted
Bad taste and texture
Like other reviews mentioned, spoiled upon opening
Purchased as gift, unable to give or taste as it had spilled in the box.
The taste is awful. I do not know how to explain it, otherwise
Awful texture and flavor.
The mints are better
False advertising, state 15 Oz bags when botZ. Was so disappointed.
Opened it up to find black substance inside where noodles are. It also had a foul odor.
Where does it say it is organic on the packaging?
Wish I could have actually tried this bacon but it turned green within 2 days of getting it.
These bars were very dissapointing Flavor was not there terrible
really disappointed with the quality, would never buy it again
Very disappointed not what I expected at all total waste of $!
Soft. Peppers were accompanied by fruit flies
Rate this a zero. Tastes like dried fish 
Dreadful taste.  Threw entire bottle out after one sip.  Big let down.
Husband said it had an off taste...
The item came broken and can not be returned.  RIP OFF!!!!!!!!
If the product had been packaged well, it would have been as delicious looking as it should be.
The bag is so so small! Def NOT worth the 23 bucks!!!
A little bit of price gouging...over $2 a pack when normally its .30 cents
Pretzels are melted together and I cannot use these this way, or add them as a gift! Geez!
strong outdated smell, taste rancid,  , I was just not pleasant to buy! Waist of money !
small portions not namebrand
Too much sugar.  I did not eat anything.
Should have known.  Price was too good.  Product was nearly outdated.
We purchased these today. They were unopened. We were supposed to get 14oz, we actually got 6.8oz.
They did not taste good old and stale
Do not bother ordering these. Overpriced and already expired.
Asked for Norman Love got Godiva instead.  Do not recommend
Do not like the taste
Every single Can is bent and smashed
I could get more pleasure out of eating cardboard.
6 of the 12 bottles were rancid and could not be used. I had to throw them away.
These taste nothing like butterscotch. Weird taste. I am so disappointed.
Also thrown into the driveway for the ants....I never got a bite....what a waste of money.
No taste, expensive for what you get, do not buy this!
This oatmeal has a horrible smell and tastes like mothballs.
Safety cap was broken. Did not use. Went straight in the trash.
Smelled like rotten fish! Got a stomach ache after eating some.
This is not at all like the camp fire sauce you get at the restaurant
Not the mango I was expecting after I ordered through prime pantry. I love mango but YUCK
Caused fire in microwave
Very spicy even for a small amount.
Too sweet I gave them all away to my nephews.
Find it elsewhere it cost $7 in Frys here in Arizona
vERY BLADE  , no flavor.  Would not recommend
Terrible I was over prices and the bottle was damage .
The candies are soft with a sticky film. Like they are stale.  Very disappointing
Runny.  Does not harden. Terrible for decorating.
Received bruised and black inside
These are so salty they are inedible
The candy was stale ended up throwing the bag away.
Way way too salty! Beware. Trying to salvage my beef jerky now
Way to expensive
Description says case of 8 but I only received one
Disgusting. This sauce used to be amazing but they have changed it. Do not waste your money.
Sorry but we used two packages just to make sure...the popcorn and oil tasted old and stale
tasted only cornstarch.  No lemon
Way too overpriced!
DID NOT USE BECAUSE IT IS OPENED AND SPILLED IN BOX!
Does not even taste like brown sugar it taste like cinnamon spice horrible do not buy!
Bags were expired
Has an odd taste.  Not really good at all.
Not good at all. But I do not like wasting food. So  still eat them.but disgusting.
This did not work as described.
Tastes nasty. Had to throw it out.
This product was old could not be used a waste of money
These have a bizarre kind of bitter flavor to them aside from not having much flavor
Bro my stomach hurts from this garbage
Awful product. Sticky and messy. Do not recommend for a child. Appearance is almost provocative.
It was expired by over a year! Wtf!?
I did not get to sample the product because the food had been opened. It was not even Ziploc.
Description indicated this was for a six pack of cans and we received one. For $7 :/
1st half was not spicy
Bag opened flour all over cannot use it
DO NOT ORDER THESE!!! There are dead bugs inside! DO NOT ORDER. Absolutely disgusted.
They came all stuck together in every bag. Yuk!
Love eating these to get stabbed in the mouth with a fish bone
It said 10 pack and I only received 2! Like many other people I was ripped off!
This tea taste so bad and it has no value. It is a waste
no taste at all, very poor product in my opinion
This package is ridiculously small
They taste like medicine... and bad smell
gum is smaller than an M & M. Not what they used to be. Higher price.
Brazil nuts were rancid and I cannot return them. Do not buy from this distributor!
One was open in the box
Unusable they were all melted together. Would never order again
Cookiesvwere broken and the cupcake was totally destroyed
This was not drinkable, we had to toss it. It was a very expensive single sip of celery juice lol
The box came smashed and opened. The tea has a very mild taste and I received no results from it.
Did not taste all that great and it was fatty tasting
The product was stale, has no expiration date.
These expensive organic raisins were stale and dry and old-tasting.  I would NOT buy again.
Repacked out dated, expired and taste like crap
Really stale. Old batch
It was terrible order. Just bones instead of meet
Received today and the products expiration date is in two weeks
Product has expired
Received it open and missing packets.
These do not taste like coffee at all. they have a horrible flavor
awful product takes forever and overall it is a bad product
Very dry,crumbly dog biscuit. Unimpressive lemon flavor. I threw them away.
These people are watering it down it is not the real Magnum this s*** is weak
This sounded delicious and we were expecting a big flavor, but it is tasteless. DIsapointed
There is no way to wash this product before using and it is unreturnable. zero stars
Extremely overpriced for such a tiny package! Will not buy again.
Would return if I could. Too sweet
Hard as a rock. Not even a truffle.
The brownies were mostly crumbs and the taste was not good at all.
What a scam, I bought this and got 1 package for $12???
TOO EXPENSIVE.  PRODUCT IS GOOD.
Too Sweet and I cannot give it a negative star rating.
Do not even think about purchasing these things. They do not work like they are advertised.
It arrived broken and cannot be returned. What a scam.
The product I received was stale and old.  The powder was clumpy (looks like moisture got into it).
The candy is melted in the wrapper.
Chocolate was not edible
The pie was smash
Very disappointed in packaging.  A few tea bags were missing from each box!!!!!!!!!!
Not happy with this purchase.  Products tasted old and stale. Can not return.  Would not recommend.
Did not like this coffee at all and it is non returnable. Taste chemically. Went in the garbage
the nuts are stale ( not fresh )
Most of the bag is single starburst, it is not a good deal .
did not sit well with my gut
It was not the Double Bubble is was a fake nock-off sweet king brand.
OPENED THE BOX AND INSIDE IS DEAD
IS not non stick as reported. Tried to return
Personally I do not like the taste, it is sort of chalky
These olives taste so bad I will have to throw them away!
This stuff tastes horrible, drank a couple and threw the rest out.
Did not get the peppermint or mocha flavor at all.
So disgusting.  Rancid and moldy
You never know how thick you food will be.
Comes in a case , taste awful
The candy was old and now I am told it is not returnable. There is nothing I can do with it
The glass tea pot inside was broke. And sad because this item was a gift for somebody
Super small amount of candy for the money.  Tried to return but was not allowed.
I made meatballs out of these and my dogs would not even eat them.
I got this for my dog but she will not eat it  I am going to try it as moisturizer for her it hing
They just were not good. They tasted cheap and stale.
0 is more like it.  Not sure a jackhammer could break the jelly beans .
Opened and spilled in the box it was delivered in.
BITTER AFTER TASTE
i will pass.  not for me
The packet was open and the pods were stabbed
This pancake mix tastes terrible.
Do not waste your money they are melted and crushed
Lousey packing job and the jars leaked big time.
item was damaged and leaked out everywhere.
They do not taste the same
All tea bags had holes. All tea leaves wrer floating my tea cup. It is terrible.
No flavor on nuts only on shells
sorry no flavor neither chocolate nor cherry
The spinish was fine ..the price was outrageous...did not realize it was just one can.
Can was so bent up I had to throw it away.
Ordered these for my godmother and she said there was barely any meat
Not a loose tea as I expected. This is a sugary powder. Unfortunately is not returnable.
Old stickers had a theme of Christmas did not describe them well. Very cheap fell easy.
We are stale and old! Discolored and melted together! Had to throw away!
They taste like dried milk really nasty not for me
The price is for people with more money than brains.
All the cookies to build with were crushed and they say this item is not returnable.
There is no crumb coat on the ice cream bar at all.
It was a package of three packs. One was unsealed at the top and the bottom!! Open package!
I like the product. I just did not receive 11 of the 12 that I ordered!  Only received 1.
Lunch at school caught on fire in microwave
One potato was rotten upon arrival
Showed up with mold. 
Very disappointed because they expired on 12-26-22!!!!!!!!
What a shame, they were stale and hard. Save your money!
The seal on the bottle was damaged and the product was leaking
These went directly in the trash.  They were way past the expiration date when we received them.
Received item today.  Bagels are moldy.
$11 for 45 pieces... aNo thanks
Seal on one pineapple container was broken
The taste is horrible i threw them away.
Kind of gross...
Received the product seven years later than the expiration date
Not worth the money!
Receipt says pack of 12 and I only got one
Choke hazard too dry it is like dry seasoned cardboard box flavor eww sorry not for me no thank you
Lots of little crumble and the whole pieces had  burnt taste.
Nasty taste and made me nauseous. An expensive mistake.
The cheese had an off flavor that detracted from the enjoyment of one of my favorite thingsCHEESE!
I just could not drink this ! It was not good.
Do not bother. It says you get 6 packages but I only received 1 pack.
Cheesy flimsy, could not put it on the cake it was so ugly
It arrived stale. Is that why it is such a great value?
disappointed at the size of the chestnuts.  Smallest
This product contains fake flowers, not edible flowers for baking. Very misleading.
It is to costly and not enjoyable.
This item came damaged and opened. I was not able to return or get a replacement.
Cans came dented and did not taste normal.  I threw them all away
This product does not work with the Keurig 2.0
If you like spicy, do not buy this product.
Candy was stale.  I was very disappointed
I was sent expired product and I am not allowed to return it. Very unhappy.
Did not realize they were singled individuals for the price
The bag wad busted open all the sprinkles were in the bottom of the shipping bag
A lot of it spilled in the box.
Taste is horrible! I will not be ordering any more. Waste of money!
"My boyfriend ordered these cherry flavor he said ""the was not fresh and they was just trash"""
Used for leg cramps but over the top salty very bad
I have not use it as yet.
Disliked the flavor
One of the four walls arrived broken and the house fell apart
They were stale when they arrived.
The flavor is not good.
Very disappointed. Bought as a gift, very little was actually in it.
I put it on the strongest setting on my Keurig and it still had no taste.
Been using it for a few yrs now But found this yesterday
Very Disappointed In This Fruit Cake And Will Not Repurchase Again
Received totally melted candy.  Item is not returnable.
It had a strange taste to itperhaps from the garlic & herb flavoring. Will not purchase again.
Consistency of half cooked bacon. No more for me thanks.
Rip off. It is nasty. Scam.
Terrible taste! Just impossible to eat
False advertising. 100% artificial flavoring and coloring.
Tastes awful like old and greasy chips. The worse plantain chips I have ever tried.
Worse gum ever. And I know gum. My great great grandfather recycled gum for Wrigley in the 20s.
Picture shows a box, is priced as a box. You receive only one packet.
They changed the recipe and also no longer soft and not as cheesy as they used to be.
I do not like the taste
Do not buy these!  You cannot return them.  Horrible customer service!
every can IS dented DO NOT ORDER FROM HEEE
Purchased 5 cases, says a 15% discount, there is no discount!!!! Trash
No caffeine. Advertised as being caffeinated in Amazons listing.
Tastes dirty and dry.  Worse than the cheapest coffee I have drank.  Tossed the entire set.
WTH?!? This is what cane in my delivery.  NO bag! And a handful of hichews!
I do not recommend this product. It does not sweeten as well as stevia.
Product was stale.
The jar had leaked all down the label.  The seal was broken.  I was afraid to drink the juice.
Compared to the ones they sell at Aldi and the Zico brand form amazon, these taste bad.
Do not buy from here my tree arrived dead!
"Pacagecwas broken open about 1-1/2""  :("
Not tart.  Also the package is very small. It is not worth the price at all!
I love smart water but I did not get what delivery is saying was delivered!!!!!!
I have not tried it yet but in the ingredients it states that it: Contains Milk and Sulfites.
No sabe a capuchino
Does not fit bottle as advertised, total waste of money.  It will not twist on at all
"It is disgusting.  I have had powdered milk before that is tolerable"". This is not it."
Arrived busted--a second time!
Every box we received was over a month beyond the expiration date.  Nice freshness!
Terrible flavor; would not buy again..
This is supposed to be a package of 24. There are only 5 in my package! A complete rip off!
Horrible taste + Stomach Pain
The jar is extra small ..kid size..other than that I love prego
The size and texture are fine. But they are way, way too sweet.
Not great. But a good little taste of something sweet. Small and expensive.
tasted like nothing. where is the mayo!
I tried this product on smallest cup size in my Keurig, & it still came out weak.
Tasted horrible. The cheapest whole leg hams I have had we are better than this.
I did not like this at all tasted really nasty
Salt is good. Package was damaged in shipping.
I have opened 2 of my six and they are ruined
All arrived broken and leaking. Disappointing
Flavor is OK but it hardens as it cools making it difficult to swallow
It was rotten upon arrival
False advertising you either get one can or nothing
Complete melted when it arrived. Terrible.
Dryer than water packed tuna and chalky texture.
poor chocolate taste, other brand has better taste and less expensive. I never will buy again!
Very disappointed in the level of sweetness I would not recommend.
This juice is really bad, made my stomach upset and gave my son heartburn.
Not one germinated.  Disappointing.
Not a good taste. I still have the other cans, only opened one
They taste is disgusting. I would give zero stars
arrived crushed and leaking
Crispy?  I think not: one big clump.
When I brewed this tea it had a nice maple aroma, but the first sip was very sour and bitter.
This is not worth the money
Gross! Expensive. Tasted like cardboard. Very dry. Do not buy!!!
There is no smell of tea, the taste is not good.
This tastes horrible. Nothing even remotely close to peanut butter. Huge waste of money.
I ordered 2lbs of coins and I only got 1 lbs of coins. So very upset.
Not fresh products, The chocolate is discolored
Taste awful  Nothing represents freshness.  Very disappointed. Will not recommend this product.
They were all melted to the packaging 
Taste awful, not worth the carbs
I threw them out. Tasted bad.
Followed the instructions to the letter.  Been over a month and nothing.
Not thw flavor for me. Wish more quantity for price. Great energy though.
This is not a k cup.
Horrible tasting imitation of wheat thin. Just like cardboard
Did not like at all. Dry and not a lot of flavor.
wrong item need to return all it is not the real English do not want this brand again
Wrecked box, looks like something the cat dragged in
Very dry.  Like eating dust.
Too flimsy not made well
Ugh.  This tastes awful.
When pkg arrived, the container handle was broken off and portions of syrup leeked out into pkg.
Not worth it yuck
Totally useless, completely  dead, no rise at all ,
Missing a bunch in the container. Huge air pocket
So very disappointed this is very hard to find
Worst flavor. Better off getting pineapple or watermelon
Received EXPIRED product!
Not fresh and like rubber not crunchy .
Too expensive and arrived broken
Received today and it is 3 months pasts expiration date.  What a disappointment.
Did not even try them. They came with mildew on them. Will not buy again.
It was all expired candy do not buy this
It was soaked in it is packaging and rotting around the edges. Had to throw the whole thing away.
The product was 444 mL, but item description says: it is 555 mL. It is a scam.
All of the candies had been melted and mushed.  Will not order them again
Old disintegrating chocolate, loss of appetite because of how gross this looks
Did not like this at all! Do not believe the hype
I have gotten broken bottle twice of thyme .
I ordered it to send to my daughter who was sick! The price is too high for what it is!
Disgusting had to throw it out!!!
This product gave me the worst bubbling stomach/gas ever! Definitely did not agree with me.
Disgusting and, smell like chemicals.
Broke hours before the party. Do not purchase
When I received the item it was expired by 6mths.
Not fresh, not plump, dried out
You only get one Package. Total ripoff!
I wanted to give this to my son but it is too banged up and dented upon delivery. Waste of $25 
One of my items arrived damaged. What do I do?
That is not chimichuri.  Not even close .
Items arrived already expired  Never ordering again absolutely disgusted
Seriously do you need to charge $.45 an ounce?!
badly flavored magnesium citrate comes to mind with the strawberry. no thank you
Most cans came with tops expanded like they were frozen and cannot be returned
Package was okay, but bottle was leaking around cap, was not on properly!!
My husband got a terrible skin rash after drinking this coffee.
Money wasted! On the dog food level
Not worth the price. Could have done better at the $ store.
Worst taste and texture ever.
I do not like these bars. Would like to return them
The box was crushed and cans were damaged.
The taste is just terrible I could not bring myself to drink this. It does not taste natural at all.
It did not taste right and size was not proportional
sticks in your teeth and the sweetness of the caramel fights with the chocolate!
Arrived broken had to repair all the wall to use
I am not sure if I did something wrong, but this was weirdly bitter and had a plasticky aftertaste.
Ordered twice and both times arrived damaged.
Please note: These are medium roast!!!!
I tasted matcha at Starbucks( their powder) it was bitter sweet BUT THIS. Ugggggh
Worst yeast,it is not at all working.
Came broken and the mix got all over everything.  Broke in the mail.
Caused me ongoing diarrhea.
These taste ok, but when I weighed the package it was exactly 2 1/2 lbs, not 3 pounds.
Be aware!!! It is not pure palm sugar jaggery as they stated!!  Completely misrepresentation !!!
Because it was damaged, with MOLD
Did not stick no instructions
Product arrived open Contents spilled in hox
I ordered the 3 pack. Only one box came.
These taste terrible!
It was open & leaking and appears that someone dug into it. I would like a refund
Unusable, unpalatable, would NOT recommend
too small[like eating BB's] overpriced
Tasted awful, I donated to the round file for the garbage.
Product was rotten. Only one orange was okay.
These are going in the trash !  Rancid Taste, Awful chemical taste, Buyer beware,terrible !!
Its so sweet its like sickly juice! Do not buy!!
Stale flavor. Been on the shelf too long. Better to buy fresh at a food market.
We opened the bag and found an insect inside the atta.
These tasted awful! Like dirt. I threw them out.
From now on I will stick to honey from Cox's and Crockett's.
Did not have a chance to try. Seal was broken so has to throw out.
Was bummed it arrived too late for my event. It arrived damaged. I could not get a refund.
found little difference in flavor
They have no flavor. The texture is real dry.  They are like packing foam. I do not recommend.
This is listed as a quantity of 2, however only one bag was received. What a rip off
Very disappointed that there is no jerky in the package
What ?  Was mine watered down?  LOL  In a plastic container.
No directions and did not mix well with water.  Do not waste your money.
Diluted, no taste. Be hesitant, they do not accept returns.
Bad, old, totally disappointing.
Our product showed up with the peanut butter cups melted.
Not Good. This is sickening sweet.
These taste like rubber posing as candy.
Very disappointed in the taste. Had an after taste.
Make sure you order exactly what you want. NO RETURNS
All melted together in one glob!
Bland, no lemon taste, has a weird  odd. taste.
Only got one pack of gum
I recommend purchasing Great Value Tex Mex
I suspected that the dry ice used in shipping, caused the fish to taste weird.
They were all crunched but made good taco salad
Says on the bottom of the box that it can cause cancer because of lead content
I never imagined vegan pizza could be this bad. Maybe because it arrived unfrozen during delivery.
I was going to make smoothys but this is not what i was hoping for
Ordered 10/12, received 10/14-that was great, but bags expiration date was 10/2/22.bummer!
Expired product.  Very disappointing
expired product,refund my mpney
This has no flavor at all! Very disappointed. Tasted like brown water. Do not buy!
THIS IS SAD HOW MUCH THEY CHARGED FOR SUCH A SMALL AMOUNT
Bananas are bruised and damaged.
Mostly all broken and only had a 2 month expiration date??? Not what was expecting at all.!!!!!
Wow a month till expiration date. Be sure to check yours.
These coffee grounds were hard as a rock!
Came a melted mess. I kept the card but did not get to use it for a themed gift
Was Outdated and went in trash!!!
Rotton horrible experience
Open them for my daughter and tasted one and it was not fresh they are old
Expensive. Similar products are much cheaper in store.
Not sure if mine went bad,but it tastes rancid...
No taster, too water neither strong nor creamy
Way too salty, no return available so will just go to waste too bad. 10/10 do not recommend
Honestly did nothing for me at all , just like normal tea. The taste is good though 
They were all smashed and tasted gross. They were gritty and weird tasting
Just awfully expensive and inadequate nuts for my taste. Will not buy again.
Gross chemical after taste.
barely sweet, if use as sugar - terribly expensive.
Product was expired I had to get a refund because it was back ordered.
It is a acquired taste FOR REAL!!!!!
The eraser is terrible it does not remove stains it just makes them worse 
Order shows sodium content 2760 mg on picture, what I got in the container says 640 mg.  Rip off!
Awful selection of candy.  Would rate it less than 1 star.
Nearly doubled their price on this item in one week.
No matter what I do I cannot manage to stomach these. Threw rest of product away.
I received regular ground item, not coarse ground
Pretzels were all smashed into tiny pieces.  Refund please  No refund was given
The taste was awful
It was damage. I was not happy at all.
2 in the picture but it only came with one. I was so mad I do not even remember how it tasted.
Very small portion of food
This taste nothing like advertised! Taste like regular cheap coffee!
"Oil had an unpleasant smell and was rancid.  Packaging did not show a ""best by"" date."
Arrived completely dead
Received 40 bags of sun chips as ordered but they expire in less than 30 days.
Very dried out. All you could possibly do with them is boil them to bake with.
I got my cans all dented and the banana blossoms inside are all black. Yuck. Not happy at all.
They made my tongue numb.
box was damaged and outdated
This was just horrendous. I do not know how anyone uses it
Most of the pieces were melted and pretty disfigured. Looked sketchy so I threw it out oh well...
They were crumbles very upsetting.
This was sent without ice packs! Do not buy it.
Package of tea was opened and crushed.
Really small this time, not at all happy for the price paid. Very disappointed
Typical hype from Youtube videos that are for profit.  Tastes terrible.
Delivered expired by four months and I am unable to return or het money back. Do not ever purchase
Super angry they all came totally melted
Chocolate was so old it had turned white.
Just was not natural enough to me
They taste nasty period
The taste was not traditional for macaroni and cheese, in my opinion.
They were pale, hard and tasteless
I ordered and paid for the 96 count box but only received the 24 count box
This flavor was terrible. The taste was not good and it upset my stomach. Do not recommend.
Do not buy, just waste of money,  it is expired May 19, 2021
Tastes fake and artificial.
It is pretty gross, flavorless and watery to me
Not at all what it used to be.
These are not the real Dunakroos. It is just Betty Crocker confetti frosting and thin cookies.
The Carmel popcorn was stale.  Demand a refund.
Could not eat the stuff
The item was not fresh
Recipe has been changed. New version is awful. Do not buy.
Horrible added taste.  No one liked them.
Only one bag arrived....
This is very sweet
The coffee did not taste like Irish Creme. I ended up tossing out the product.
I wish I knew I could not return these they do not work
appeared to be stored wrong.
Funky taste and smell. Everyone disliked it. Unpalatable!
This item arrived ripped open and spilled all over my other items.
This glitter is not edible. Edible glitter is dissolvablethis one is not
Product out of date! Requested replacement and it was out of date too !
Taste like caffeine and it is not very good. Last thing i would buy/eat
Smells and tastes awful
Someone took the candy out of the box so I could not make the bags like I planned on doing.
Really poor quality
Honestly a waste of money, did not make a difference what so ever
Expired in December
This product does not taste like eggnog.
This product was stale and nasty
Tastes like wallpaper paste.  We were all kids once...
Was very small was not impressed with it. Not for the price
Item was outdated
Protein powder has bugs in it! Unfortunate.  Will not be reordering.
It does not have any of the characteristics of real fruit.
Not the original flavor! Hubby bought 3 bags thinking he would surprise me with my favorite candy.
Product was received on May 20.  The packaging indicates a best buy date of April 20.
It is super tiny. Only 51 gram. I thought it will be 6 times bigger and the photos are misleading.
Very weak coffee
Not worth a dollar
Not working th the money
The jerky was covered with mold when I opened the package.
stale and barley any taste
Just received yesterday 5/24/2022 and the expiration date on bottles is 6/4/2022.
Did not like would not order again did not like having to cut them out my self n it tasted awlful
different from picture on amazon website, cannot return, waist of money
Flavor is horrible do not buy
It is really bad.. like shoving a wet sock in a shoe and going about your day bad.
Product was already expired
1/2 gram per TBS.  High salt content. May cause high blood pressure, etc.
This does not produce even texture when cooked. And the taste is terrible. Very disappointed.
The ginger chews are really hard and not chewy at all!
Delivered on 2/9/21. Expire 2/19/21. Thanks.
Small and again not fresh at all
What I recieved was the powder not seed per description.
Date expired on candy
My coffee is stale
The cinnamon bear is so mushy and gross. Even covered in chocolate it is not edible.
Individually wrapped starburst candies?  I cannot give those away to the trick or treaters!
Read the ingredients for goodness' sake before consuming this.
Does not have a coffee taste. Kind Of bland.
Awful, gelatinous, salty, mess. Smelled like dog food. But it was cheap.
No silk flowers. Arrived dead
Bad taste and upsets stomach, not worth the money.
Very stale as other reviewers have said. Also has a gross chemical aftertaste.
Mix did not come out properly after 1 hr... or longer.
It tastes like feet and watery lemonade - YUCK
Tasted very watered down
This is not Eucalyptus. It looks more like Bay Leaves. It has no smell what so ever.
It had a terrible chemical smell when it was burned.  Very disappointing.
It is sticky and not like usual basmati rice
Came stock to each other.
These peaches are from China!. Buy American
pos ... barely visable in tiny bag...worthless crap
I love Hint Water but the kids hated this. It does not taste like the Hint Cherry in the bottles.
Food was out of use by date and had bad flavor.
It taste nothing like lavender anything.  It should read .... hand soap flavored
Way overpriced for a 5lb bag. Over double what you would pay if you got 2 smaller sized bags.
smelled and tasted rancid, dumped it down the drain
THESE CANS ARRIVED SO DENTED - I AM UNABLE TO OPEN THEM!  COME ON!!!!!
They do not taste of anything.  Certainly not bananas.
These cookies are burnt and taste like burnt hard disks. Do not buy.
The gum balls are very small very misleading pick.  You can buy this at a dollar store
i was upset that it came with brown stuff in it. it made me not want to eat it.
The white chocolate still seized up.
ALMOST $7.00 A CAN YOU HAVE TO BE OUT OF YOUR MIND, WHAT IS UP WITH THAT?
Product completely melted unable to use or get refunded.
The product did not taste good almost rancid like it was out of date.
These buckeyes do no justice to homemade. Tasted like wax. Never again.
Item was not sealed and appeared to have been opened. I would like replacement.
Pathetic taste.... Could not return it so threw it
only 11 were delivered and this is the second time this has happened.
Way overpriced. Same item at a fraction of the price at whole food
Received puffs not crunchy!
It was poorly packaged rolled up and it is hot and no matter who handled it they flattened them!
Exaggerated picture
Extremely sweet and cheap tasting. Does not taste healthy, weird texture, too much sauce. Yuck
Gross gross waste of money do not buy Walmart sugar free taste bad but this nasty
Second time now came to the house all melted together, will not order again
Fructose corn syrup and Corn Syrup are one and the same. It is the first ingredient listed!
Not what expected
Drink was flat, had to throw them all away
My daughter said they were not fresh.
"I received box April 4 and box says ""eat before Jan 30""."
I received broken nespresso pods that I annoy use.
Froze and exploded all over box. Waste of money,had to throw it out.  Money should be returned.
Price Houging at its finest
Good taste but definitely not worth the price of $11 per box!
It tasted terrible not like hot chocolate at all
Not very good at all
Bought a three pack......five little bulbs sprouted!
Have to use too much to mix.
Horrible flavor...must have changed formulation
Did not use it the popcorn bag was bursted open and all the popcorn was wasted out
I may have eaten moldy jerky Because I am driving at night oh my god!!!
This is small lentils not beluga 
Stuff taste burnt. I will put it in trash compactor to insure children will not get a hold of.
Hard as a rock. No taste.
Was not the cook and serve.
Gum was stale when it arrived
Make me feel so sick an nauseous. Maybe it was rancid? Horrible stuff.
The product had started to ferment when it was delivered and was inedible.
This product  was old and stale
As you can see not usable got a credit though
Bland and unpleasant flavor. I do not suggest buying it.
Threw them out right away. Very gross.
We ordered 50 white roses as a gift and they got this flower bouquet instead. Not what we ordered.
not for me,i didnot like. not worth the money,never again
Received and tasted like it had been sitting in a warehouse...yuck
Popcorn tasted stale and was rubbery. Not happy with purchase
The tea is flavorless, colorless.  Not advisable to buy it again
Expiration date 3 DAYS away.
Several packages of moldy shells delivered today and no returns!?!?!
They arrived, all melted, and all crushed did not even taste them through them right out
I ordered a 6 pack and got 1 twice this is slowly down my business
Unfortunately no date on the packaging. And clearly these were out of date :(
returned item, the product was unusable, consistency was as thick as tomato paste!
This is very nasty . I threw it out.
I orded and paid a package that contained 2 boxes of cookies. I received only 1
Not almond butter inside, just chalky powder
These are just terrible
The product burn in my waffle maker
Whenever I opened for cooking it broke into small pieces.
Bottle came broken. Cracked lid, no seal, sitting open. Will not use.
The. Soda was great but every can was damaged with dents.
These are just NASTY!
caused major digestive issues.
Looks totally different from the photos, tastes really bad, wasted money on this tea
Was recommended, did not fit at all.
Do not buy this product. It is artificially flavored and it taste strong but not like truffle
Expired 3 months ago.
I cannot believe I was dumb enough to pay over $7 for a TINY bag of candy.  This is worth about $1
This item was melted when I received it and nearly all of the sharks were fused together.
Chili did not have much flavor and was not hot I was very Disappointment
not what i expected and hard to swallow
All flavors are awful. Stick with Skinny girl or other water enhancers.
it was alright deceiving packaging not as tasty as expected
I was disappointed that I paid so much for these cookies and they were all broken up!
Unnecessary sweet!
Will Not be tasting it since not sure how long its been open. Cannot send back
This product arrived almost five months over the expiration date.
Too thickly covered in candy. Almonds have no taste
Gets hard too fast
I thought this tasted watered down and not as flavorful as a regular Gatorade.
Product showed up soft similar to uncooked breakfast sausage.
This product arrived exploded and when I tried to get replaced it said it was not eligible.
I did not like these at all they all taste alike and that medicines will not buy these again
Should have been all cool ranch but was mixed I am not happy at all
Love the product. Cannot believe Amazon gets away with charging 3 times as much as grocery stores.
This product was excellent. But the expiration date was within 14 days of when I bought it.
Bag arrived with expiration date of 09/2022. Multiple bags open upon inspection
Absolutely no flavor whatsoever. Duff should be ashamed of such a horrible product.
I only received one of the 2pack listed
could not drink this, might as well buy a fake creamer for taste
Was very watery.
Too much money for a very small package
Its not as described, does not have the comb,as pictured
Tulips were broken and wilted. Embarrassing.
These did not last long. Within two days they had mold inside the package. Waste of money.
Great taste. Bottles came damaged this time. Good product otherwise.
Worst jerky I have ever had...thin and tough.
4 of the 12 were leaking.
We just received this bread completely molded.
Hard to describe just not very tasty
I received horse tail instead of Cedron and I am not able to return it?!
This is NOT a good OIL.
Let the pictures speak for itself. Everything is melted
I was told they are compatible with the kureg 2.0 and none of them work
is literally the worst I have ever tasted. Thin consistency, no texture & watery.
Received product with several cracks rendering product unusable.
The cookies are sandy and have an after taste.  They are not worth the money
Arrived open and damaged. No return allowed. Do no recommend.
Do not buy they are expired.
worst candy I ever had.  Do not waste your money.
These were awful... how can I get my money back?
More than half of these arrived broken
The product packing sealed best by 12/30/20. I bought December The coffee bean is garbage.
Do not buy these. They do not taste like banana at all. Highly disappointed.
Do not buy this. It smells rotten. Cannot return. Not a happy customer.
My kids hated it. We things you just cannot skimp on.
Product was very much stale. Even in container.
Had a bitter taste..
This product smells, tastes and has the texture of cat food. Disgusting!
Half the eggs had no toy. Do not waste your money!!!
Purchased to kick my soda habit and if Sunkist Orange Soda tasted like this I would not drink it!
Not a Tirunelveli halwa but just some halwa.  Also wrapped with plastic cover.
It has no taste well taste like muddy water
EXPIRED BY 6 MONTHS!  Do not order from this vendor as it appears to be a habit!
Does not taste like chestnut honey, does not look, terrible texture .
They came expired
Tasteless and watery
It states 72 count i only received 2 boxes with six in each box total of 12
The flavor was too strong
I ordered 3 twelve packs. The expiration date is in 3 weeks.
Arrived broken, sugar all over the place
The worst taste  the bottle is inviting and cute wish I could give it no stars
What I received was pink/white peppermint flavored. I would have returned if I had had time.
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY MOM AND THEY WERE ALLLLLLLL BROKEN, VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
These arrived completely melted and unusable.
Old and Stale. Absolutely disgusting. Does NOT taste like the olden days.
Misleading product description and pictures - NOT edible.
Expired when I received it
Package came opened.
It should not be legal to sell expired food products.
Sugar, Brown Sugar, and more Sugar. Poor quality and entirely too sweet.
I did not like the taste at all. I will keep looking for a better taste.
All was good but the monkey that handled my package broke the bottle no good to me now
Yuck. Tastes like a fruitcake with no fruit.
Product leaked everywhere in box upon arrival
Opened a sealed container and the product was full of mold!
Chocolate was old and hard as rock. Product was also not returnable. Very disappointed
Way too sweet. Will never buy again.
Totally unusable.  These peppercorns came in a solid brick! I want my money back!!!!
Item came in open, not able to return.
Bitter and not spicy. Spilling on arrival. Smelled rotten. Threw away
Vegetable oil and sunflower oil!! Are you kidding?...for connoisseurs only apparently
Garbage ~ seller would not stand by the trashy product.
Poorly made.  Every pod leaks.  Would not recommend this product.
bad quality, nose keep bleeding after eating this. Do not buy
This was awful...
did not last 4 months
this product it is not kosher for passover
Did not taste like black cherry or ice cream, even under M&Ms and whipped cream. Blecch.
It came to me leaking all over the place a d sticky everywhere...I cannot even return it!
unfortunately tasted stale and bitter
Last time i received this it was wafers or nibs.  this was a solid lump of mess!
There are bugs in these dates. Do not buy!
My can is a month expired and they are all broken into a bunch of pieces.
Drink in-between meals. Tasted terrible so what a waste of money. Do not buy this product.
had to throw it away. It expired a day after delivery. disappointed
Way to small for the price .
Expectation and reality! Why??
TERRIBLE!!! Hard as a rock and not fresh
Candy was smashed on bottom of box only half of box was edible
dirty bag, completely crushed and late. i asked for my refund. nope, no refund
Has sand in it! Not a good quality!
My toddler did not like any of the flavors
Ordered the 4 pack and only got 3. Was late shipping also. Will not order again
Started laughing when I opened the box, total rip-off!!!! Mostly little bitty size candy.
All the bags were expired. Some were expired in jan and feb 2021 very disappointed
It was delivered broken. To heavy to return it
This is super watered down and tasteless.
My can is dented badly.
This is the first time I have received anything and it was Broke and unusable !
They expire in 2023 but they all taste stale. Unfortunate.
Nothing compared to picture no gold sprinkles...
Not sure if this is human food
Filled with larvae maggots between the leaves. Not one- but a lot.
Bottle was covered in dried syrup out of the box, seal seemed broken. Would not order again
Yuk. Do not waste your time.
These do not taste good at all. I would not pay more than $12 for a box of these.
Kashi has changed the formula. This tastes nothing like the original almond filled bar.
This popcorn was so very old.
Nasty  taste Went into garbage Lousy x-mas  gift for hubby
They were old dry and the white on top was brown.
Did not enjoy the texture. Way too watery. Not chewey.
Very old candy with a spoiled taste, we threw it to the trash! Do not buy!
Item arrived frozen. High temps in the teens last few days. How do I return?
Hard and dry tasting
Was not happy opening this and I cannot even return or get my money back for this product
usually a good product but this was stale old product
12 variety bags just means 12 pieces of gum. At $1 a piece it is just not worth it.
still good by date but tasted stale. Will not purchase again
It is not really chewy and the fruit is kind of liquidity. Not recommended for adults.
Fig Newton package was already open when arrived.  Had to throw away.
These are horrible.  Very stale!  I would like a refund.
It is has a chalking texture.
Horrible flavor, grape it is much better
Must be rejects they are very liquidity unlike what we have been used to
Size of the box not worth the price paid
The box and products when I opened it and the shipping box smelled musty.
too much time to get and price is way too much
They did not even invent those ingredients in 1932. How could it be the original?
Both bags lost their seal. One had a rip so coffee went everywhere inside packaging.
This is the second bag I have spent over 10 bucks for STALE CANDY
Poor quality in this batch
Too small and it is not gold. It is more green like military or khaki green
Was way too salty, which made them inedible
it tastes like earth is mixed with it. odd flavor.
Tastes like smoke, threw it away...along with 2 unopened bags.
This is Vanilla without any Vanilla in it. I bought two and they both tasted like pure Glycerin.
More like army rations
Tastes horrible and does not melt well
Tasted nothing like how my mom made these..it was just ok
These chestnuts were full of worms and were rotten
Did not like it! Not buying this stuff again. YUK!
This is hands down the worst tea ever.
Plant arrived dead and is not coming back to life. I would like a refund
Very little candy. Complete ripoff!
not as advertise
Was only half full when received.
my package was busted inside the plastic envelope do not  know how to get replacement
Not what I was expecting. Will not buy again.
Package was nice, taste and texture wad awful
They came broken and it shows I cannot return them.
Taste awful. Cannot eat it.
Not at all sour.
So disappointed! It is not Jareesh! Do not buy!
Popcorn was stale and did not have the pop. It is non refundable
Why is it sweet yuck
I am confused, why would ANYONE pay $10+ dollars for a bag of chips?
Could not eat, waste of money.
I use this to make London Fogs.
I disliked the odor, flavor and texture of this product compared to similar products.
Ugh! Delicious, but not worth the dental bills. Two crowns pulled off my molars.
Seemed like it was roasted a long time ago. Whatever flavor it had is gone.
Just came in and is covered in scratches  DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!
The expiration date is 9/16/2015 and I got 54 cups ! Not happy!
weird taste. not flavorful. would not recommend. You are better off with slim jims.
To expensive for amount you get
You would think these taste great, they do not.
Skip this and buy...Skippy.
The milk i was sent was 2 days past it is expiration date
Did not like that it was so little for the price. I made my own mix in the end.
Everything was thrown into one box and most of them were smashed. Probably will not order again.
Terrible!! Smell and taste burnt. Complete waste of money
Many of these nuts were rancid.
Do not buy these they are not vegan and not work the cost.
Fake honeysuckle flower tea. Absolute crap. A bag of wood chips.
The chocolate was expired
This tasted like standard black tea. There was not a flavor to it.
Half the pouches were slightly opened so powder was hard and not usable.
Jar was opened and lid was dented upon arrival
There was no flavor to this boba.
When we received this it was all bad. Rotten taste. Trashed it
Crushed in the bag they were shipped in.  A bag, really.
Very strong flavor, but not anything close to coconut!!!
Taste very bad and old
No flavor and texture was like eating think paper
Low on flavor, FULL on salt. Will give away & not buy again.
NASTY!!! Tastes nothing like pickle juice and the smell is horrid.
They were not rip
Definitely did not taste or look as the old blossoms.  Actually three them out do to poor taste
Seriously inedible.
The bag was  open and all of the chips crushed
It was the stuff I was looking for, tastes great, but only received 5 of the 6 packets I ordered.
These banana parts are mushy, moist and gross.
So fatty, fell apart I had bits and pieces of bacon. It cooked well in air fryer.
THE WORST KETCHUP I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE AND I HAVE HAD SOME BAD KETCHUP
Item arrived broken... hot sauce everywhere
Mold and black spots all over. Pretty disappointing for 4.99 purchase.
All 6 boxes had nothing but broken crackers. I will not be buying this item again.
Nothing like the full size pies. Entirely too much sugar. They taste absolutely terrible.
These cashews were overcooked and lacked flavor.  This company is misrepresenting the products.
As others have mentioned the chips that I received were expired. So disappointed!
when we received this all the chocolates were not in there places.
The product was damaged once arrived.
I got these chocolates today and they are already expired.
Terrible choice in flavor on my part. This is my least favorite of the Bai drinks.
Terrible tastes. Sorry.
The goods received were poor, they were opened, old and used
5.99 for the same item at giant. Great product but the price is astronomical.
It just does not work at all
All containers broken and all sugar came out
did not really like it... would try the original bottle
Bitter had to add more sweeetner, would not recommended!
This was not anything as advertised.
The flavor & smell was awful. I threw the rest away.
It wus  stinky  From leaking
Brown and dried out not tasty or zesty cannot use it.
Absolutely horrible, I had to throw them away!
The other reviews state similar issues.
jar was leaking when arrived
Lol who ships food like this in a bag not a box? It was alllllllll smashed! Cheap!
Waste of money!!! It smelled horrible and it was leaking out the packaging when I received it!!!
Could not eat these due to the smell. Dog food, basically.
Cannot taste much. No oolong taste or mango flavor Very very disappointed.
Arrived crushed, returns are not accepted.
Tasted like they have been sitting around for a long time.
Ugly.. cheaply made
The chip tasted super stale.  Would never buy again.
I received nine single servings instead of twelve.  States not eligible for return.  What a pain.
We opened it up and it was broken.  Very frustrating.
The package was delivered with the leaked bottle.
This item made me sick! Product must have gone bad.
Do not think you are getting a good deal, these are much smaller than normal.
The secure seal was missing. I did not trust it to consume.
I did not like the taste of the product.
Too grossed out by the decomposing green thing floating among the bits of corn.
Sadly, my package arrived covered in a fine cacao powder coating with a hole in the bag. :(
I disliked the whole product. The description is way off. They do not have an icy taste.
I was excited for these and this is what I got.
Lid on jar on too tight. Still cannot open. Made several attempts.
Can not begin to compare to Penzey, Spices Inc or other quality vendors
I received 2 ham and I ordered 4!
Particles in bottles that I have never opened. I do not think that is safe to drink
Old candy was junk
Did not like the aftertaste.  Too expensive to have to tolerate an aftertaste. Returned.
All of the fruit snacks were rock hard, and were very old!
The taste is not really
It is worth a trip to your local bakery instead-
I received a refund. One bar not 24 bars. Not bulk! Kind of expensive for one bar!
Terrible after taste, not really a good vanilla flavor in coffee. Came leaking in package.
NOT WORTH THE EFFORT TO RETURN THE CRUMBS.
Yucky! Baked in oven and still mushy.
Only a 20 oz bottle came! What is up?! Description said 25 oz!
Horrible taste to these. I have never had Mackerel taste so bad
Was very tuff dry out
Package arrived late and product was completely stale. I did not think Skittles could be inedible.
After it is thawed out bread goes moldy.
Has been banned in every country except the United States. Has harmful chemicals in it.
Box was full of ants when I opened it
Nothing like the Japanese restaurant. WAY too sweet and thin. 16.00 down the drain :(
The cashews were stale.
It was not very tasty. It also was clumpy. Waste of time and money
Very bitter! I cannot drink it!
This product came opened and it is not returnable. Wasted nine bucks !!!
Did not add eggnog flavor to my coffee. Too expensive.
Product at some point was clearly exposed to heat, melted and set again.
This dry white bread was a substitution for a whole wheat bread I ordered.
Weaker coffee than expected.
Flavor varies on this hispanic labled version not as shown in picture
Hands down the worst green tea I have ever tasted.
The quality of the bread was not good, not buttery, not recommend
Expired product. Supposed to use for a family renuion
I really disliked this.  I had heard how delicious it was.  I just do not get it.  It was not good.
This one also has a dark roast kind of flavor and I do not care for those.
Threw them out. No taste.
The flowers were in poor shape. Very disappointing as it was for my daughters birthday.
These packets cost 1.19 at the grocery store do t waste your money...
When they got to me, the expiration date on the box had passed. Very gross.
Just taste like salt. Not a bacon flavor at all.
Dented can-now is useless for long term storage.
They have seeds, good flavor, but the seeds are horrible.
This product does not taste anything like poi.  I am from  Hawaii and ate poi very frequently.
12 days on transit fresh veggies cost over $70 terrible service and product, Do Not buy it
Very small bottle.
I literally got scammed I got 3 cans coke send to me! And I paid for a 24 pack
nothing all melted
Packaging says Made in China.  Consume at your own risk.
Almonds were soft and stale.
Too expensive. The taste is weird. Did like it at all.
Is sugar water there is no taste of fruit and it is not a jam this is like runny Syrup.
made it to a ham bake meatloaf, tossed it
This microwave caramel corn burns before 2 minutes.
Broken lid on candy and nuts only 1 month from expiration.
Looks like it was dragged down the road... not able to gift this due to the appearance.
The cookies could be much better without excessive amount of sugar.
Breakfast, all the cereal was broken and pretty much just crumbs.
Thought I might actually vomit after drinking this.
Came with flimsy seal broken and completely rancid contents.
This came with both boxes sliced open. That is worrisome!
It contains MESSAGE. Be advised...
It was bland no tast.
I was excited to make my lactation cookies today, however this time was opened when I received it!
If I could give this zero stars, I would. I received half Cherry, half Watermelon.
I cannot believe it is even being sold in a market....my mind is blown.
Biggest mess I have had to clean in a while. Not worth it especially with little children.
The strawberries have rotten. I have to trash everything.
Regular salt. Huge hole in package so all in bottom of bag. Cannot even contact seller in anyway.
Product was delivered open and half empty, had to throw away!
Sticks to your teeth. Waste of money. Better off getting capsule. Cannot get it off your teeth
Way smaller than expected
The batch i received was stale
Product came broken and there is no option for a refund or return
Not one of our 7 kids liked any of the 4 flavors in our pack. Such a waste of money.
I have ordered this product before and it arrived satisfactory. Today it was completely melted.
Mine went to trash. Donuts shops have better coffee :)
More than half of the containers were crushed or exploded inside the packing box. No refunds.
Arrived expired by 5 months and is not eligible for return. Waste of money.
Very very bad taste must been over cooked. Merchant did not help at all what is my problem.
The candy was hard and seemed old.  Hi chews are our favorite but this was not a good batch.
just did not  like the softness was kind of hard
Runny like poo! Vile aftertaste. Literally unable to describe how vile and disgusting this tastes.
Both bags of flour were opened and flour had spilled out
I thought these candy were awful very expensive would no by again
pops OK but small Orval's is better
You can purchase nespresso capsules directly through nespresso for $7 a sleeve. Just saying
Grrr. Second order and both came broken
Not too crazy about this flavor
Bottles arrived broken and with mold. unacceptable. I had to throw it all away
missing 4 packs, I would never pay that much for one pack
Just get morton's this is awful
This is the first time I purchased this brand.  I will not purchase it again.
They had sprouted.
Have had this many times but this last bag I got was totally stale!? So bummed!!
Expensive for a bag of coffee, taste like cinnamon water, extremely grainy.
the description noted only one ingredient in it ,but not true !
Terrible pool grown little quality do not waste your time with your money smells like chlorine
Did not like the taste at all! A weird bitter flavor
Not good. Strange texture and has a burnt aftertaste. Save your money.
Waste of money, bought this to stuff a pinata, you get more candy in a $5 bag of candy at Walmart
Missing the sour, it is all just sweet which is definitely not what I wanted.
VERT GOOD PRODUCT. I WILL ORDER MORE
Epic Lemon Bar box arrived with box partially opened and 3 bars missing
Arrived broken and leaking on other items
Arrived broken.  Since it is unsealed, I do not feel comfortable using it.
Expired I buy it yesterday, but it is already expired.
It was way to salty and not enough butter flavor
Nothing came to leave a feedback on
Arrived covered in fuzzy gray and white mold. Did not open the package. Went right into the trash.
I very much dislike wasting ingredients on dead yeast.
Worst thing I ever bought. Ate one and threw away the rest
Arrived in package leaking all over and not usable.
This taste nasty with runny sauce and a paper thin crust.
Bag is not sealed!  Powder all over the packing envelope! I hope I do not inhale it.
This pineapple juice has a thickener in it and is not 100% juice
This says pack of 6. I only got one
I had my wife and friends try these and they all could not eat them
Please cancel my account. The taste is awful
Would love to know how they taste, but they all arrived broken. Do Not waste your money
The tree was mostly dried up when it arrived. Tried to save it but was to late.
After following the directions the oats never completely cook
3 of the 8 jars arrived broken and the box was a gross mess of peanut butter and shards of glass.
this is pretty nasty ... awful texture, bad taste ... just YUCK  
It is not tasty it looks like cheap juice with sugar. I will not buy again.
arrived opened and sloppily taped back up
Can be purchased at Wal-Mart for $3.88 per 20 oz per pouch.
Disappointed. No flavor at all.
I need a replacement coffee
I enjoyed the cookies, but they were to expensive.
The Moana action figure was very ugly, not well made at all
Not very good, left a nasty aftertaste.  Will not purchase again.
Terrible product packaging spilled and was empty upon receipt
blaned..meat tough had no tast
Items came in loose packages.
This is absurd. No tamper evident seal. Just thrown in a Manila envelope. Would rate 0 if possible
Otherwise nice seasoning balance is overwhelmed by dried garlic flavor. Tastes like bad breath
Nobody liked them. Not even the kids.
Old. Withered and moldy spots
Product arrived mushy/melted and clumpy.  Really disgusting and disappointing that I can not return
They came smashed and soggy.
Item was damaged and I was unable to exchange or return the item.
Did not look as gold as I thought and it painted on clumpy
Nasty dry, old, and all broken up, do not buy them here.
definitely not my cup of tea
Way too sweet for me.
Outside cover lid crack,no safety plastic shield lid and only 1/2 full
These are gross.
Several units arrived burst and leaking. You might as well just buy at the store.
This item has little or no aromatic smell
headline says it all
Kind Of disappointed, misleading, product
This is a very strange dreamer. Tastes nothing like the refrigerated creamer.
Old hard candy. Expired.
Tasted Like Crap
Junk.  Mushy and gross.  Would not feed them to my dog.  Complete waste of money.
Sent to son at college. Best by date next week. Unable to return or replace
Out of date by month and a half and hard and dry very unfortunate
HAD problem with pods.would not order again.
One jar arrived. That is 18.00 for one jar. Outrageous!!
the chips had two week left before they exsp date not happy with these
Very disappointing. I have seen seed corn that has a better texture!
Is this three month expired product okay to eat? No, just NO. Waste of time and money. Epic fail.
thought I was getting organic produce, ended up with del monte... chucked it out.
Tasteless, dry, does not satisfy the bread urge you get on Keto.
Saw Valerie Bertinelli rave about this....it is worthless.  No taste and costs almost 10 bucks??
These are not cinnamon candy...they are fireballs.
No flavor cannot taste the strawberries in my shake at all.
This has a Godawful aftertaste, throwing it out.
Horrible. Gross. Expired.
Arrived in pieces.
Still missing two cans
The strawberry flavor of this product is really bad.  I would NEVER order it again
Came completely melted. Do not attempt to order this
Day old without day old price
I used this product to simply cool off on a hot summers day.
Super low quality, dark, and dry barberries.
Not flavorful and not good.
After taste. Tastes bad.
Picture is very misleading
This cereal is way to sweet
Romain lettuce it was wilted, and all the leaves are very dark in color look days old
These went in the garbage.
I was sold expired cookies. So disappointing.
Glass was completely shattered when it arrived.
Do not order terrible product old out dated and hard
It is bland and not sour at all. Do not waste your money
When i.opened the box...bottle totally broken into pieces  mixed with the sauce ..so disappointing.
Great product , seller was not honest about shipping.
nasty. tastes like burnt popcorn.
Wilted when teceived
This stuff looks and taste like potted meat
Really small and not tasteful
There was only 5 in the whole pack! Picture is very deceiving.
Both Were Melted!
Packages to expire in a month..
Product had been previously opened.  I threw it away.
Out of date and flavor
One bar with five tiny Kit Kats, do not buy!
The flavor of ginger is UNDETECTABLE.  Back to Canada Dry for me.
This order arrived with mayonnaise all over the box.  What a mess!
Only 2 was attached to the stick
returned, very dry and tasteless
Could not stand the taste at all or texture. I felt I was eating dog food.
The cookies were broken and the icing did not hold anything together.
Cannot return and was over a year out of date!!!! HORRIBLE!
Bitter, dry, lemony flavor. I usually like Stella D'oro but not this variety. Yuck.
Crunch master crackers were broken an taste old.
Not the same taste as nerds bananas
The box the honey came in was cracked and there was honey all inside the package!
Wish I could put zero stars. Bought to make Frappuccinos but it was awful
Buyer beware - cannot use a food product that expired two years ago
Disappointed as a replacement for coffee.
Tried to put this product in tea and it was a hot clumpy separated mess.
Arrived broken glass 2 out of 5
They are so gross! I wish I could give them no stars
It was like eating crunchy lettuce...except in noodle form.
They were all opened before I recieved them so they went in the trash, waste of money.
Quality is not great, I actually ended up throwing it out.
Had to throw it out. Salmon was not fresh.
this was just twizzlers litterally 7 lolipops i was sssooooo disappointed!!!
very old dry up candy. I had to throw all the boxes out. I want my money back!
can was seriously crushed on 2 sides....
There is no sea salt at all Completely plain seaweed no oil or salt No flavor
"Extremely dissappointed because instead of  Vanilla beans I received a ""DOG COLLAR""."
This tea is nothing like the photo. Very small buds. Will not except exchange or refund
Very nice candy but melted and got broken on the way
It did not taste much like coffee
This is FROM CHINA,
i can not reach it is in bushes
I got these as a Christmas gift for my son and they will expire January 1.
Over half the chips I received was stale..
Can definitely taste the lack of most ingredients.
These came broken and stale. Terrible!
Expired 10/2021, Purchased 1-20-2022, not returnable
All lollipops was broken!! Is expensive candy... i pay for lollipops not for powder-pops 
This gum loses flavor in seconds. Seriously disappointing, do not waste your money!
Awful. Do not buy.
Says pack of 5. Only got one box!!!!
Smell's horrible. Worst coffee ever.
Came to me busted up
It burns in the grill
The product was fine; however, Walmart sells this same exact item for an enormous markup.
There were bugs inside the packaging!
Just yuck. Stick with regular tic tac. Or Coke.
It had way too much sugar for me. I could not see that as I ordered it.
If you like watered down soup, you will like this.
The last shipment I got just this week tasted horribly sour and are definitely expired.
The cap was broken
Package was leaking as evidence by the photos. Unable to return it. Absolutely unacceptable!
Nasty, cannot peel off that plastic
Product was damaged and leaking.  Leaks damaged office furniture.
Dislike. I thought it would have a pineapple flavor. It does not.
I would expect a couple of the candy canes to be broken, but not all of them!
Cute as they were, they tasted like soap. Bleh! Threw them out.
Slimy rotten all in bag not good had to throw it away wasted my money
To expensive for what your getting
Disgusting. I cannot stand the favor.
These taste awful. I threw them away.
Requested Jolly Ranchers - received bubble gum
Gave me rotten products.  Also not a fan that it could not be returned
Juice missing, beware
Received a leaking bottle
Old candy for child
Waste of money did not work
They definitely do not have the sweet chocolate taste I am looking for.
I do not understand why the chocolates look like this?
Why does this taste so bad?
It was supposed to be 14 of each cookie and it was 12 of each
These are Brachs Jelly Nougats. They are very STALE!!! Not happy at all!!!
Item showed with a hole in the packaging. Went right into the garbage. Disappointed
I did not like it. The texture was very grainy which I did not like.
Would never buy this one again. Live and learn! Found another brand on Amazon that is excellent
Not my favorite. Texture was SO weird.
Tastes stale and extremely salty
We tried them with our chow mein, but these are a poor substitute for rice noodles.
Was Nasty!  Over priced for one tiny package as well.
Items came all broken
My daughter loves these, but they came defrosted and had to be used immediately
Mine were not as fresh as they normally are.
So gross my kids will not even drink it. Tastes like water with molded fruit
Thick skin around a filling that tasted like a pureed pumpkin filling, too sweet for my taste. Meh.
These are just awful
Had to throw away , package was opened.
Not sure what is going but only received half my order!  Not happy.
After I received these I realized these will not work in my kuerig. Completely useless for me.
They were all crushed and would not recommend them....sorry
The crackers were almost all totally smashed and had to be thrown out.
This item arrived with black mold. I ended up throwing all four packs in the trash.
Disappointed.  Dry...tasteless...stale.  Should have returned.  Waste of $.
It does not taste very good; even with a little honey
No, do not recommend this brand.
I expected these to be hard peppermint twists, but instead they are almost soft sugar
Need to use 3 bags per cup to get an almost acceptable tasting cup of tea.
Both jars had mold inside. We had to throw them out!!
Watery with poor flavor. Unfortunately not returnable.
Product was dry maybe stale
I do not like getting shorted on an item and getting charged full price.
Super dented when they arrived!! Not sure if I can still eat them??
Thecomboswerestale not good at all.
Payday were not good gluten was taken out and the 10000 bar were melted did not ship with dry ice
I made vanilla extract.  The beans were so skinny.  Nothing to them.  I was disappointed.
Dried out, stale, barely smells like coriander. Must be very old and out of date. Terrible.
Very hard to find whole cashews. Only pieces and full of powder. Waste of money 
A few of the seals were broken
Twice as expensive as the grocery store, very disappointed as it is all whoppers! Scam
"Never would I have ordered ""one small bag"" for fifteen bucks...I thought you would get six or so!!!"
Pure sugar, I could not taste the ginger at all. I had to throw it away.
I really did not like the taste. Not good coffee, in my opinion!
Ruined the taste of my buttercream. Complete waste of money and a double batch of buttercream.
I got a broken bag of rice.
All of the Pringles chips were broken!
The packaging ad says flavor may vary not flavor will be missing
I agree! Why post two bottles when you only receive one!
The passion fruit flavor tastes like feet.
Different ingredients then what is shown/listed... contain ASPARTAME!
Terrible cereal.
Literally is exploded everywhere inside of the packaging
Chips were STALE! Would not recommended. Will not be ordering again.
Disappointed that the green leaked all over the box 
The nut was extremely HARD I could not eat them Very disappointed
Just tastes horrible!
"Nowhere near an ""authentic taste"". Super cheap and there is a reason why! Never again."
Adds a mango smell but no mango flavor to candy
Product is great, but packets opened during shipping, so packets are all sticky.
They had all liquified and would not turn into gelatin after 4 days in the fridge
Did not like the meat alternative, very basic
Total waste of money total garbage for your children do not buy it
Says all natural but it is far from it the ingredients are not a healthy choice!
Apple? Really? This is terrible. Taste is so bad with apple .
This candy that arrived was old and hard. I threw it in the garbage. I would not recommend.
Received wrong color, ordered pink for my daughters party but received red...cannot use it.
It is not fresh enough.
95% almond and cashew nuts. Hardly anything else. Not real mixed nuts.
Arrived and completely stale!! Would not recommend this product
This product does not have as much truffle flavor as other brands I have tried.
Do not waste your money
ORDER WAS INCOMPLETE !!!! I PURCHASED A PACK OF TWO ( 2 ) -- I RECEIVED ONE (1 ) .
They aight. Just tasted like salty wavy chips.
Too fragrant and flowery
As much as we wanted to support Girl Scouts DO NOT BUY OLD STALE COOKIES FRIM THIS SELLER
When I purchased this product it arrived relatively stale I would not purchase this again.
Nastiest tasting crap I have ever drank did not even taste like pickle juice
This item was leaking when we recieved it!!!!
too long to ship,was stale and tasteless.
Nasty coffee leaves grounds in cup
Oh man... It is like chewing on a beefy orange rind.... Just too much orange for my liking.
Full of onion flavor, I hate onions.
The crunch is great, but not the flavor.  Too much powder flavoring for my taste.
Texture after cooking was that of sandy snot. Does not hold shape and scorches very easily.
Terrible, do not buy so misleading and over priced
I did not like this product because they were mostly spoiled when I received them.
The order was for 2 8oz. bottles. There was only 1 bottle in the package.
The chips came smashed & the bag was open.  This product needs to be replaced.
The offer statement was misleading; I expected 10 cans for $26 and got only one!
Amazon and the company will not refund. impossible to recommend.
Was so disappointed.  These lollipops were awful! I threw them away.
Bitter.  Disliked it along with my family. It is not usable and has been thrown away.
Unacceptable quality!!! This is my first time having an issue with my whole foods order.
The crackers are hard , not a crispy  cracker.  The cheese is disgustingly  salty. Will not buy again.
These were bought for wedding favors. Obviously not ONLY red and silver. Candy papers looked old.
Bottle lids are not right and leak everywhere. Says item is not returnable!!
There was a lot of no name brand....very cheap looking ....
Bad aftertaste too! Stick with the cinnamon!
Cooked for 6 hours, checking each hour. Hard as cardboard and tasted just as bad. Do not buy this.
Great flavor and can beat the price.
Disgusting, old lollipops, so many broken and melted.
All candies were smashed since they were shipped in a BAG instead of box.
Too salty.  And not that much spice.  I have never had a food product with so much salt in it.
Picture advertise more flavors than what it actually comes with
I ordered and paid for 6 oz boxes each but received a smaller size 3oz each. Buyer beware.
Sent as a gift, person recd and said it tasted like powdered sugar.  In a BAD WAY.
Did not care for the consistency or flavor.
pretty boxes. nothing in them
Tasted AWFUL.  I do not recommend this.
It did not work well for me in the microwave. Will not purchase a 2nd time.
So salty!! I cannot believe these are lower salt!
I only received 1 pack out of 2.
All 6 cans were dented too bad to use Did receive a refund
Arrived partially melted. The cool pack contained warm water.
Absolutely no flavor.I plan on giving the entire box away.
absolutely awful. Unsuitable for use in salads or baked goods. I tossed them.
Tastes awful, similar to a smashed chickpea with strange seasonings in a slimy base.
Extremely salty and I like salt.  Could not eat them.
Taste is bad, I cannot even nibble on this, not sure what to do with this bag.
Packaging visually pleasing . Product taste disappointing.
Lid not tight / had to seal what so ever.  Tasted rotten.
Product came and looked like it had been resealed. Not returnable. Rip off
Product arrived opened!!
Item was delivered broke. Can not get refund or replacement.  I will order elsewhere.
Incorrectly sliced and stucked together!
THIS PRODUCT ARRIVED 4 DAYS TO LATE.  I DID NOT SEE A NO RETURN POLICY
The batch of snow peas in my order were spotted all over and almost half were unusable
One package for $7.99?? Bad value!
It was just water.  I am not sure why it cost so much. The can was cool
To hot I cannot eat them 
Very expensive for the size.
They are SUPER salty!
Pure salt, nothing else to say. Horrible
Tasted like cough syrup that was caramel flavor.
Want to tasye sewage eat these i am onto sour but i may as well lick the the toilet bowl
This product was molding
Coffee is great but deliver in two to three weeks is terrible
There is little pieces and sand in the salt.  I do not want my meals crunchy.
Inedible. Product so badly packaged that it arrived inedible.
Not a fan.  Overly done in all areas.
Most arrived completely damaged and I had to throw them all out. Do not buy.
No clue what this is m never ordered!
Tasted so sweet but not in a delicious way,,, tasted artificial abut also like Splenda
I found the product efficiancy poor for me. No additional energy at all. Would like my money back
this does not compare to apple cider,
The tea was stale and has a beautiful vanilla smell but it taste like ordinary black tea
Horrid taste and completely ineffective. THE WORST energy drink ever made!
This arrived expired.
I threw it in the garbage. It had more chemicals than a chemistry lab and sucked overall.
See other review  DO NOT BUY HERE!!!!#:###!!
Smells like straight alcohol ....put a tiny bit on tongue, very strong alcohol taste
Not good does not stick to cup taste is not that good
Product is not rainbow.  Mostly black peppercorns
It was broken open in the sack we had to throw it out
Be warned mold found in multiple sealed bottles out of 24 pack
They was very hard.
Very dissatisfied they were stale! Would not recommend
Worst tasting coffee ever! Bad taste and not fresh. BEWARE, cannot return either ! It is the awful!
It did not have a good flavor at all
Disgusting taste. Tasted rubbery almost like plastic. What the F$&@?
No one in my family would drink this
Does not fit the Starbucks Fontana 1L bottles. The top is too narrow for the bottle :(
Product date had expired, content was sour,
TASTED GOOD BUT THE BOX AND THE CONTENTS CRUSHED BY THE WAY IT WAS PACKED. OUTSIDE OF BOX WAS OK.
They taste so bad I could not even eat a whole cookie. My husband hated them too.
My dog would not even need it. They are gross waste of money.
Is not what you think it is. Over priced for quality.
The beans are old. Will not make extract. Refund my money!
Not coarse salt as pictured; not returnable. Very disappointed in product and return policy.
This was awful and my son got very ill after eating this. Be careful.
I ordered this and received expired products!
Seeds- not the plant:( cannot get to grow!
It was flavorless so I tried 2 bags...still flavorless.
Instead of glazed I received chocolate all 5 boxes.
Almost like they exploded. Several did this, what a mess.
2 cans were punctured and half empty
I do not recommend this rosebud tea, it smells like grass.
So many items were broken
Soggy dough. No glaze at all. Some were smashed.
Nothing wrong with the rice .. just the price gouging
I guess need to read better. Thought was getting more then what could have bought in store.
Received a product that was Past it sell by date.
evenly.! Too grainy..poor flavor. They were so lacking in flavor that I threw them away.
The broth is pretty flavorless, and it is also really salty. Not a fan
It did nothing it my opinion
No freshness at all. No rosemary smell even after trying to grind it in garlic press.
About two thirds of the bag crushed. Waste of money, no return or replacement allowed. Bad deal.
The pie was raw despite reheating
This kcup says it is for Keurig but it does not work. Does not puncture open
Seal on bottle was broken. I will not be using.
Tastes horrible!! Do not buy
They came stale this time.
I really tried to like these, but the flavor is non-existent. Regret this purchase.
I ordered the 6 units and I got one open and broken :(
tsted terrible.  I will not reorder.
I had to give one star to write a review. The product I received expired in 1993.
All the three packets came damaged and opened !
Lids were not sealed. Cheerios everywhere!
Did not taste like carrot cake whatsoever. Lacked moistness.
After careful attention, plant became a dead stalk
The case came with all the expirations only 9 days away Really!
For the price I expected it to be better shape 85% was broken, I will not buy this again.
We have got beans that are four months old. It is not fresh.
The quality not as good as described.  The color is not green and fresh.
Product was not good. It was hard and for the most part not edible
Discussing!  It is got a terrible flavor and it is not hulless.
The flavors we are disappointing
Taste like cough syrup
The product is cracked.
Some of the sticks was broken and it is telling me I cannot return item . Very disappointed
Could not use. came separated. Not safe
I will not be drinking these or especially giving them to children. They have a very odd taste.
Item arrived shattered
Bought these opened them and they were filled with bugs. Disgusting.
My package showed up broken !
The candy had gone bad before it was sent to me, I am hoping for a refund!
Do not know why, but this batch taste like RAT poison...disgusting!!!
The hole box was wet and so was the candy..garbage
First time tried, Unable eat..feels like raw chicken ..
well I rec. 1 bar for $5.95 ,thought I was getting a whole box.will not buy again
gross.and def not worth $6
They were very delicious the first bite, but after that they are flavorless and nasty.
Bag came open and company would not refund
This is not Fiji water.
Unusable due to being sent in a pouch with a heavy box. Over half the petals were crushed.
It was more like salmon. Not good at all.
Does Not taste good and do not see value for money.
2 of 4 bags ordered arrived open, loose pieces in box
Hard as a rock. No flavor. Stale
Contains artificial sweeteners not discovered until received. Unable to use or return. 
Great size if you are a BARBIE! Cute to wash for little girls 3 to 5 to play store! Ridiculous size
Came warm and damage. Do not buy this
Purdy nasty if you ask me not like powdered milk had in past not buy no more
Thought I ordered one bag very hard to cancel very mislead on the
Melted mush. By the time it was delivered,  it melted all over the box
They taste awful
This has 480 mg. of sodium in 1 Tablespoon of vinegar.  That is way too much for good health!!
No flavor not to much of the smell, but almost impossible to chew and has a aftertastes
these taste terrible !!!
Received my product MELTED!
Just stick with plain water. I only found the pomegranate to be drinkable.
Chocolate was melted. When ordered before the Chocolates came with ice packs, preserving freshness!
Stale and hard. Not soft like taffy should be
It was so disgusting
If the description is correct than each can cost  $1.44, no one is that numb !
Joke. Not hot at all with a stale taste
Bag was infested with weevils, ruined my paella, will not buy again.
The chips were tasteless! Stale! 
Did not like the taste... at all!!! Spry mints were much much better
These were so stale you could not chew them, Seller did not accept returns or refunds.
Alot of the bars were cracked and or busted.
The only Walden Farms product I have found that was gross
They were all stuck together.  Not satisfied
Please pay the price for decent chocolate. These were horrible.
Just fun fact, this sauce has 352G of suger per bottle.
Highly disappointed! Was not sealed and moldy!
All melted and stuck together! Expensive and had to trash them.
Fowl! Like an animal farm on a wet day. Yuck!!!
it does not taste good and you cannot return it.
Have bought these before but the latest are STALE beyond compare.
They were not fresh at all
I did not order this coffee.  No automatic deliveries
In my whole foods it went from a 16 oz to a 14 oz.  with no price change.
It was not the same
I was suppose to get approximately 130  suckers only got maybe 30.  Not worth the money
Bag open in shipping no good waste of money
I tried the blackberry. Hated it!  Do not waste your money.
This arrived sticky. One of the bottles had a small hole. It cannot be returned, sadly.
A horrible product and an awful seller.  Will not buy again
Please do not send avacados that are harder than rocks.
this product is overrated not your amazon they are dry and crumble I did not care for them
It smells like sweaty feet.
Pecan sandies by Kebbler is much better products . These taste like lard with nuts . They suck !!!!
They tasted awful.
It was a gift for a birthday.  The product came out the year she was born.
If you like ranch, I guess you would like then. Thwy were not tasty to me.
Only 1 single small jar was sent, this ad is misleading. Need to file a complaint.
I cancelled this order
Not as good as the original from the old days
Words cannot describe this. It went into the trash can.
Did not turn out at all no receipt to follow
They crumb so easy that we have thrown away more than we have used very disappointed in this one
awful. Rock hard. Discolored.
The majority of the cans are crush.
These are strong lemon flavored . Not vanilla & certainly nothing like vanilla wafers.
This stuff is so runny it should be called peanut sauce instead of peanut butter.
The flavor is not what I expected, I love salmon but this product taste like bland paper.
they were packed to small of box , chips mashed to crumbs!
King Arthur is so much better !
These were not past the expiration date but extremely stale. I would have returned if possible.
These flowers looked nothing like the arrangement pictured
Very weak, not much Kona content.
It is garbage, how to sell this?
Item received today and package was torn, looks like due to bottom flap of cardboard box
When I received the package it was leaking. I order two bottles only one of them was not broken.
Showed up soft, squishy and rotten.
It taste really bad..Also the presentation is not the best.
These tasted like chemicals. I could not stomach them. I had to throw them in the trash.
They came in broken!
They do not taste good . Period if you like gummy bears swipe left..
They were terrible
My chocolates were very melted I had to throw it away
It did not look the same as the picture
Boulder cannon chips could not be blander. Sea salt? I could not SEA SALT ANYWHERE. Yuck.
I did not like them, I will just stick to the original ones.
Way to hard to eat, also does not have much flavor
The coffe was very weak and the flavored coffees were undrinkable. I would not purchase again.
Broken up...flavor was ok I want a refund
Product was spoiled
Pretty gross. Honestly tastes like plastic.
They were all broken up
Old and dryed out
I found this oily and flavorless.
Would like to give a 0 stars
I like the tuna creations, but this salmon one was not good.
Arrived melted into one solid block of chocolate.  Not useable.
Bag was open when arrived.
Horrible flavors not with the money. Coffee was weak
Was Not good. Texture was waxy and it did not taste like the clotted creams I have had in the past.
Earl Grey tea tasted NOTHING like the real thing. Acrid. Poured it down drain immediately.
Too thick, really fatty, and hard.  Seasoning good, but it is unchewable.
There are total 3 packs and one is not sealed tightly anymore. There is clearly airs in it
Did not taste nothing like the original.
Personal opinion, of course, but they were greasy and tasteless
Hate this flavor. So disappointed. Loved the limited time vanilla flavor.  This is nowhere close!
Terrible flavor do not waste your money I am not a pickey eater and I could not get it down
Can came open and spilled in box. Have used in pastgreat for Indian cooking
Died instantly upon arrival. Was almost dead once I even opened it.
the texture is horrible... reminds me of rotting octopus shreds.
They are just 15 piece bottles.  I should have read the description better.
The chips are all broken to pieces, maybe 2 whole chips in a bag..not happy
Way too weak.  Nothing like the original.
They tasted like cardboard.
Gave me the runs big time!!
Broken, fell out of packages, all in the trash now
While it says ranch dressing it is obviously some sort of questionable oil dressing.
It was delivered  and had to throw it away because  it was old and moldy
I do not like anything about this product! Ick
Shame for sending any order that will be out of date in two months
I would not buy them agian
Disappointed.  Did not taste anything close to honey.
Oreo Golden Thins, Lemon Creme, 10.1 Ounce the cookies were broken.
Every one of the 6 cans was dented
Just gross and bitter. No pumpkin but some cinnamon
Product broke in package and leaked everywhere. Need refund or replacement
Sorry but I purchased this flavor by mistake . Not something I will buy again.
I thought I was ordering the mold.  These tart shells do not have much flavor.
Product was not sealed, cannot be returned
The bag of rice is damaged ( open)
Lucky Charms without actual cereal.
Flavor is not good at all. Bad purchase.
Absolutely terrible! No flavor
Will not come close to werther caramel with vanilla Felt like sugar powder in the middle.
These bulbs arrived moldy and did not produce shoots.  They had to be thrown away.
All of them arrived broken in pieces. Although I did taste them they had an OK flavor
too many bones and spam reviews reqeust
Possibly the worst tasting thing I have ever eaten.
Package was cut / broken and salt everywhere
It was not fresh, seemed old. So no worth the value.
Greasy, not very palatable and hard as a brick. Not my thing.
"The advertised ""boxes"" are actually ""packages.""  Buyer beware."
stale and hard as a rock
Package arrived sliced opened, with spice spilling all over the inside of the amazon box.
Expired product and no way to return
Ordered and paid for 2 one pound bags, only received 1. No expiration date on the bag at all.
No flavor, just blah. Am throwing away the second box I purchased. I had high hopes, a real shame.
I used to buy these when I belonged to this diet chain..no good now...tastes cheap and gross!
every tower was stale
Smells mostly like alcohol, and a hint of apple
Did not fit as started it would
tastes like vanilla. needs to have more pumpkin & spice to it
not my cup of tea
bought these by accident. ridiculous price for what you get.
Peppercorns came as open and all over the box.
Stick to Jiffys
All of them are stale and broken into small pieces Very disappointed
Old, flavorless. Total waste.
Paid way too much for this found for $1.50
Bears were hard to chew.
Way- Way  too roasted for my taste
Used a few times. Acai powder does not dissolve well. Will use acai paste instead.
The box was torn.
This product was stale!  They are hard and dry...not a good purchase!
Product does not dissolve it is not worth buying.  Do not be tricked like me
This is a pack of one not 6!!
tiny-very deceiving id=f you think these are going to be a decent size-youfe wrong!
WAYYYYY TO SALTY !  Completely unbearable
Can I give zero stars?  These were so bad we had to throw them away.
Just OK.  Not as smooth and creamy as I had in other brands, wish I could find them.
Very dissatisfied, taste horrible,big waste of money not even that nutritious
Outrageously overpriced for what you get. I thought it had to be a mistake.
Then came broken in multiple pieces.
Did not like much at all. Flavor was light, will not purchase again.
No whole almonds just almond powder odd tasting very small.
This product left an aftertaste in my mouth.  Total waste of money, I threw it out.
Not for me, tastes like artificial flavoring with a strong hint of stevia
I received 1 can when I should have gotten 12.
Came cold damaged, leaves falling off
What is shown is not in the PKG. Do Not buy. Waste of time ! And money !
This tastes absolutely awful!  Tastes like rubbing alcohol.  Disgusting
Did not care for any of them G Hughes is much better
Poor condition, they were damaged
It arrived cracked. Threw it away because I did not trust it.
Mine came 4 months expired.
Not very thick & not that much taste.
Said pack of 24, got 1 can.
Product all taste the same. Very bland.
Product was stale.
I got nothing but crumbs.  The box was crushed.
Not Decaf as advertised.
It claims to be 907 but look at the images. That is not right.
Arrived dead all the leaves were falling off as soon as I opened the package, waste of money
this product was delivered in September but freshness expired in August.  Please replace
Not worth of money
There was something off putting about the smell and taste.
Very pasty no taste hard to spread. Not good for anything, will not buy again
Too hot and decayed for my taste
I keep buying these hoping they will be better. Rotten,  dried out, mouldy fruit.
The taste was awful
No flavor. Too many ingredients. Thoughtless concoction.
Described as TWELVE boxes, 12 oz each. Recieved ONE 12 oz box.
I did not  realize the coconut water was the sparkling water. It is  bitter and I do not  care for it.
Three bags of rock hard caramels. Very dissapointing. Not able to refund.
Overly ripe! Rotten the next day. Avoiding anything that says ripe.
Tasted awful, very small Portion. Will not buy again.
This is rediculous!  Bring the price down for crying out loud!!!!
What a disappointment; a complete waste.
Tastes horrible like the title says
Everything was opened
took a whole bottle for one recipe and still no real flavor
This was ordered as a gift but the box was completely damaged and I am unable to gift it.
All the containers were broken, i would like item to be replaced
This item arrived opened.  That is why I never tried it and am giving it one star.
Tried it and it is very thick so it makes it hard to rim a glass .  Taste ok.  Eont purchase again.
Do not bother they expire soon
Do happy to find acid free coffee . But it does not work in my Keurig
we thought it was sausage pattys
Horrible! Imagine eating perfume.
Taste like chemicals. Does not remotely taste like caramel
If I remove bad review and pictures they will give me a full refund which they did.
This product tasted horrible and very old. Not fresh and does not taste like the original
By far one of the worst tasting waters . It tastes horrible out of a can or poured in a glass
There is a weird flavor to this.  Seems like cheap ingredients.  Not good for mixed drinks.
I thought I was purchasing dark purple based on the photos, but the product is light lavendar.
Item jammed in mailbox and squashed
Wanted to give zero stars. It taste sour and it says I cannot return it
This does not replace the original Hellman's dijonaise. Very bland. Yuk.
These were disgusting. They were not crunchy at all. They felt soggy.
not worth the price. it was not good and tasted a bit off. I have to throw it out.
Did not get the item shown in the picture. These are not the extra sour ones.
Did not check the sizing, much smaller than expected so seems expensive for the size received
Sorry. After going to a drive thru, then ordering this, disappointed! Tastes like Hormel or worse.
Broke within one hour of receiving it
All the bags I received expire less than a month would not recommend
No taste Chalky feel
Some of my candy was melted and opened.
The Happy Birthday sign arrived broken. Very disappointed.
This stuff should have been discarded long ago
I ordered DIETER'S tea and received DIET tea. There is a difference.  Quite disappointed.
Not a case. Only one bottle of Gatorade.
Unsatisfied taste stale date of expiration Jan 2019
This is not what i expected
It was stale. Bought for an event everyone complained.
These taste like chemicals. Gross . No returns!
Bought for the office no one would drink the coffee had a taste of saw dust.
MOLD AND SOFT AND TOO MUCH SUGAR - YUCK
Received but expropriation date was out of date and can not return so gave it no stars
Not for me. Too weak and watery tasting
Was not a fan of the taste at all will not get it again
The price is outrageous. So much for so little. Just say no.
Honey was solid sugar! OLD and should not have been shipped!
Item was stale tight out of the box and came crumbled
It was way too salty to the point of being inedible.
The package, however, was fantastic. High quality and resealable.
The item was not fresh and tasted old compared to the others i have purchased!
Twice the price Nespresso charges.  Also, instruction on bag in some middle eastern type.
This smells and looks like dog food. Do not buy it!!
Slimy and gross!
I did not like the taste of these muffins. They were blah. No flavor at all.
Arrived Oct/2020, best by date is July/2020.
Tastes like chemicals
Taste like old gas station coffee
The gingerbread man was broken throughout the whole package.
Disliked the flavor of this lemon juice
Has a weird taste to it. It was not expired but had an old taste. Did not taste fresh.
Not fit for human consumption.Tasted horrible.
This needs to be marketed as a medicinal product; no enjoyment in trying to eat this.  Just awful.
I love the product but the price here is ridiculous.  At our local fruit store It sells for $8.99.
Great company; should have passed on this flavor.
Fruit was not fresh, do not recommend
Product caused my cake to be bitter and unable to be eaten.
This was disgusting. Ended up throwing it out. Would not buy again.
I ordered this sausage and it says 72 I only received 12
The bottom of the bottle was broken. I want a refund.
Horrible tasting.  Actually no taste.
No me gust muy caro
They were broken and extremely small. I will not buy again
With this food coloring my icing takes longer to dry and gets blotchy.
I did not think this liquid was very sweet - I much prefer the powder packets.
Product was so dry I nearly choked, no flavor blah.
This product was Horrible!!!
If the product contains lead I do not think I would consume it.
It is powder not star anise tea refund please send a print label with delivery person
Could not taste because all the product were unsealed. Do not buy!
Color, taste and smell, NOT as expected. Poor quality.
Taste like old cheap coffee with a hint of artificial blueberry
Buy one. Taste it. You may think it has a flavor. I tasted water.
1 third full of liquid, clumpy greasy mass. Stick with Libby/Hormel
all melted  cost way to high
All I could taste is plastic leached from the container. Do NOT get the 3 or 5 oz sizes.
I bought this a few months ago for under $60. Price is too high and no longer worth it. Not cool!
the bottles arrived broken !!
Item came with broken seal! Gross!
seam to be stale
I only received one package not the two I ordered and paid for.
DEFINITELY not worth the price.
The entire box of candy was crushed and cannot get a replacement. Total waste of money.
The marshmallows arrived all stuck together and gooey. Really not edible.
Some of the pods were hit or miss
Way to much to pay for this when you can usually get it at the store 2 for a dollar
received this totally melted
Just tasted  too sweet, not really like pumpkin at all.  It was the worst I have ever had actually.
tasted old and the pecans tasted almost like a little moldy using them to snack on will not order again
It sucked, never showed up never refunded. Cheap outfit
NOT AS ADVERTISED!!  This pump does not fit Da Vinci. I bought two and they are going back.
It is only one pack! Not 12!!! False advertising!
do not even taste like cherry and sour as hell awful
Both bottles were expired. The liquid inside was brown.
These shelled pistachios were dry, hard and much too salty. They were a big disappointment
Yuck. Have since bought other bone broth that is delicious.  Not this brand.
This was old. Stale. I knew better.
Very small amount and taste is not good. Half servings price over $3. Better do not buy.
I would not even feed this to a dying stray animal.
I do not like the taste.
I do not like the taste
Absolutely ridiculous
Would not buy again. Not a flavor of cracker I liked.
All I got was the original Dunkin Donuts Coffee. No variety and I cannot return it
The second order tastes nothing like the first. Terrible.
I can purchase these for $2.49 per can, so why are you charging such a high amount for these?!?!
Dry and tasteless.
32 items in the box not 40!!!
too much corn it was not like eating corn bread it was loaded with corn
This does not taste like the real thing. Tastes like mayo and ketchup mixed together that is it.
Cute but what about I just kissed the DOG mints???
This did not harden as cake drip should made the icing turn weird color
It is AWFUL...it is totally melted and re-fridge again...do not buy it
Product arrived damaged and splattered all over box.Returned!!
Sounds so good tastes no good
Did not pay close enough attention to this offering. Lesson learned.
The pods were stale and old tasting.
Disappointing, for the amount of money
Chocolates arrived melted. They were supposed to be a gift.
They looked good but did not taste good my kids did not like them
Product arrived completely smashed flat. Non Edible.
Stale, hard, and tastless
Just a slight sweetness. No peppermint flavor. Save your money and do not buy this.
Does not dissolve easily and clumps. They do not allow a refund. I do not suggest this product.
I am thinking these were bad. They had a really off taste to them, we ended up throwing them away.
I would not recommend them. My kids hated the taste
Both bottles were shattered and had to throw them out.
Every time I order it its sour
The package was opened and it is missing a pack!
I am a HUGE fan of mango con chile, this is not mango con chile. This is paprika coated sandpaper.
Not a fan ...its way too spicy and salty for my taste buds ...
what else to say but taste awlful
This is a great product. Go to his website. This is 3 times the price
hand full other nuts 95% Almonds
Simply just burnt coffee smell & taste. Will never buy again! 
Could not be used at all
I threw them out because they were crushed
Very missed representations stale and small nothing like the picture except for the box it came in
They were awful threw them away
These are not even edible. They Are like plastic. VERY upset that I cannot get any of my money back!!!
I DID NOT FEEL IT WORK
Not spicy as I expected.
Will not purchase again
Not as describef nothing but a lg gummy
These rolls all had mold on them. The seeded brown rolls were fine, however.
These tasted so awful and had a really bad texture to them, I threw the whole case away.
I was very disappointed -- These are extremely oily, are tasteless, and have a terrible texture.
Over roasted, some were not good.
Cardboard very thin
Was terrible product. Difficult to use and taste terrible.
Do not waste your money on this product.
The package came damaged and I cannot return or get a replacement
Not worth it at all.  Complete waste of $12.00. Non returnable.
Only 8 pops in a bag.. not a good deal at all was very disappointed.
It sounded wonderful. It tastes like weak hot chocolate.
was expensive for how little you got
Candy was MELTED , Will not be ordering again.
Was that good at all
Poor flavor, closer to chemical taste than berry. Intolerable! Do not recommend. You cannot return.
I would like the item replaced.
Product is cheap. Broke after second use. Handle is made of cheap plastic that broke instantly
Item was liquid when received.
Broken and jelly everywhere ... very poor packaging
All truffles were melted.  I threw the box away
Not worth the money!!
It is way too expensive for what it is.
The product does not taste good I will not recommend to anyone nor buy again
The package was opened.
Do not like the flavor of these, too bitter
Received July 3rd 2020. But Best before 04/13/2020! WTF!
Very fresh, excellent buy.
THese are not tea leaves....they are dust. a powder.  totally unappetizing. What a disappointment.
The bag of rice arrived split open with rice everywhere in the box. Had to throw it all away.
This is really good.  However in the store it is half the price
Heart shaped tin came dented and scratched. Attached card was bent.
This wine is too salty
Really disgusting
Cookies were in a box with loose heavier items and were crushed.
Product was old, peanuts And chocolate we are tasteless. I was disappointed.
Too much money for what we got
chocolate melted together and package previously open
This is advertised as creamy, however this is ICY, Very Icy
They all stuck together!
Chocolates were melted and not able to use. Bag is sealed but not able to return.
Bottles came opened and leaking. No way to get money back or replaced order!!!
30+ years as a customer. The pasta in the Angel Hair box was Spaghetti diameter.
Not the same product. These are disgusting and I bought 12 cans...
Not pleased with the smell and taste.  Apparently this batch was not stored properly.
Lesson learned. Never order chocolate. Arrived a molten mass.
So gross! Threw it away
Did really taste like lemon or lime disappointed
Molded after day 3.  Do not waste your money
This taste disgusting
There are not any raisins. Too expensive.
It came where the cookies were already stale
I have not even opened the tubes yet. But I know it is all crumbs and dust in there. What the heck
Non refundable and comes busted open lovely.
My package was cut open and spilled out in the box.
Hardly anything and does not look like the picture. Dry and terrible.
the product was expired and I asked for a refund with no response yet; see photos;
The content spilled out when I opened the package.
I did not like the fact that 5 cereal cups were opened (5/12pk). 
Avoid - you are paying $20 for 1 pack
Old. Just started to make candy eith them and they are awful. Date is 1/28/20. But they are old.
The bag came open and it was missing 5 pieces of candy
The box was crawled but the candy was out of the packages loose in the box and smooshed
Some of the berries were rotten and moldy the same day I received them!
This is a tiny jar, not at all what I was expecting.
That is the fact, jack.
All capsules were damaged and coffee pouring out.  Will never order again
Arrived soggy with mold on them.
Beautiful color but extremely hard . No bubble blowing with these gum balls.
This product did not dissolve well at all!
Not what I expected very bad texture and taste
Not the same as regular kisses. Different taste. Edible, but not the same. Way, way too expensive.
Did not work. Chocolate still seized.
All dried out and hard. Unedible.
It was not good...
The chocolate is old, it expires in a month!
Way to expensive for these tiny bottles and there are only 10 in a bix
Awful taste and are not even sour
Bad Product. Never Buy Again
This tea has no detectable rose scent or flavor. Very bland
careful when ordering chocolates.  they arrived all melted.
soggy angel-hair pasta that is covered in seasoning that is more spice than curry.
Was so excited for these just to open the box to them being opened and all over the box!!
Item was separated
Little nuggets of sponge covered in wood shavings.
just avoid and go with quorn veggie chicken and cube it yourself.  this is pretty hideous tasting.
All pieces arrived broken.
Was not fresh for the price.
This stuff taste awful. Container keeps shrinking too.
This produces a positively repulsive cup.
product of China
Watered down trash
Product arrived spilling out everywhere
horrible taste. save your money and do not order this product
The taste and consistency was not to my liking and I have tried many keto bars.
The bread is moldy
Awful! Tastes like plastic snd you cannot return it
Received wrong type of flour
Description said package of 12. One sent. One box for over $12!!!
Not tasty and I did not like texture of filling.
I thought I would really love that this is 2 in 1 but I do not like it at all.
"This is the grossest ""beef"" stick ever. It tastes like regurgitated saw dust."
Not worth buying
Mostly Cheetos, and freshness was an issue . But really not much time before they expire
4 packages completely liquid chocolate and tastes terrible! Sizzles on your tongue! Cannot return!
Received the baking soda the bag was busted and the bag was half empty.
Tasted awful and un fresh, cannot even sweeten and cream enough
Price is doubled and it is not fair just because it is Halloween season.
Chips are small and shriveled. Not like chips in the mix bag.
not sure what it tastes like.. it has a little bit if bitter taste
I would not recommend buying turrones here because they are old, stale tasting and hard as a rock.
I got food poisoning from this item do not buy I am sueing
No way to tell if it is good. The package arrived split with the farina leaking all over the place.
Too short shelf life and not worth the money.
The bag was broken.
Cap broken and leaking in package.
My package arrived opened box was damaged and one of the baggie was opened
This product was just way too sweet.
The product was broken when delivered.
Once again dupped by price. You can get more from costco for this price
This had terrible flavor and no option to return.
Entire bag of candy was melted, very disappointed
I loved these as a kid, but this taste nasty.
Out of 20...there was only 4 that were not broken. I would not buy this again.
Smell is good but it taste bitter and cold medicine
I do not know how well these were refrigerated, so nasty.
The flavoring on these is very chemical and not very tasty
The product was a birthday gift. Very disappointing because it expired 2 months ago!
These were not sour what-so-ever! Just salty.
Tasteless unless you add a lot of milk and butter. Ore-Ida are great with just water.
Horrible flavor and texture!
Flavor and texture really undesirable..it needs alot of work.
Will not buy from them again.
Item showed up in a solid chunk. Clearly had some moisture in it and they are inedible.
These were not whit I expected. They were very hard to bite into and had little flavor
Flavor was not like coffee.
Everything was opened the box and all the nuts unbelievable
not bold enought for me
Not as advertised.  Quantity wrong.
The packaging was poor, flavor bad and texture poor.
Prouduct tasted old/stale
They were all melted.
Product damaged and spilled over box
The taste and texture were disturbing. Will not buy again.
She Will was too thick. Bland but the fruit was fresh and not overglazed.
I only received  ONE pack for $14!!!
Dry, gross. Not worth the money.
Not as described these are candied and just gross. A waste of money very upset with this purchase.
it tasted worse than the food from taco bell that gets left in the toilet
Too small of cups to use in a coffee machine .
Gross my son would not eat them and I do not blame him. The ones from Trader Joes are better.
Not all of the Pods are working, often exploding, causing a message.
I never write reviews but these noodles are terrible.
TOO expensive!! I could buy the same bag at the grocery for $3.00!
The product out of date taste funny willnot buy again
Bad quality, too salty, hard to eat, no any taste, no returning.
HORRIBLE!!  No taste whatsoever.  It deserves zero stars!!!
This is the worst popcorn I have ever tasted!!!! There is no taste accept stale!!!
They are disgusting
The box was full of maggots
I received only 1 pack instead of 6 packs.
Product was shipped melted. Not eligible for return. Waste of $$.
The  next time I have to order two off one item,I WILL CANCEL and FUTURE ORDERS ALSO.
Every pack was stale.  Broken pieces and so old they barely looked like a skittle
It was all melted
The bag was slit open upon arrival. Cannot even eat it.
It smelled and tastes like paint.
My tea tastes and smells moldy.
No taste to them.
They came all broken on the bottom
I am really confused. Please see the screenshot.
Awful tasting product.  Very bitter with hardly a trace of date flavor.  Very disappointed.
I only got one box
Damaged product! No returns allowed? Zero stars!
Tastes like vitamins and I had to change it to a resealable bag.
These can to me old and dry. I would not waste your money on these
Not trying to be graphic but after it was fully heated it smelled like vomit. Had to dump it.
Really disappointing.
Broken barbecue bottle (glass)
Lots of connective tissue. Small cut. Not worth eating.
Green powdered leaves. Not sweet. Not useful for anything.
Taste awful....and,  2 serving size portions = one 5 inch pancake !!!!
Horrible tasting
Half the pretzel rods were broken. Would never buy again.
This is not good and it is so dry.
Everything was smashed, very disappointing.
arrived and was not what expected
This states that it is a puree but it is not. It is pure liquid.  Very disappointed
This was delivered completely melted and ruined.
Messed my bread up! Killed the second rise.
They were so hard. Really wish they would send me fresh ones
Arrived with damage to the lid and was leaking. Maybe unsafe to eat but not eligible to return.
don' really have any flower..lol
I ordered 2 bags, one of them was delivered not sealed and the all brown and molded inside
Not very good. Tastes like tomato sauce.. no flavor or spice.. better off with marinara sauce 
$2.04 per can at this advertised price. Plot twist, Rip Its retail at 99 per can.
"The taste is ""off"" for me.  It is not pleasing to the pallete."
I do not like these flavor yuck.  I really am not going to buy these again ever.
Not a worthy product
Do not buy!  Too expensive
It arrived crumbled up already, it was bland.
It was old and taste like an old coffee.I ordered it on october and was.produced on January.
My product arrived with busted cups and mold in some of the cups.
They have a chicken flavor, but like the fatty grease that sits at the bottom of fried chicken.
Opened it and was molded. Was a gift so I could not return.
Full of Sugar, would not recommend.  Good luck borderline diabetics.
This was expired and will not return
Too hard/old and many broken chipped when they arrived :-(
After less than a minute the flovor is gone.  I will not buy it again
Do not buy this is worth like 3 dollars
Sent expired food.
Terrible taste. Would not drink.
Gross. Tasted like cardboard.
Arrived with the seal broken and is ineligible for return, I guess I will be throwing these out :(
No stars really was spoiled and cannot return I bought 3 bags not cheap
Was out of date and not as good as the original
LATE !!! now would you want your birthday cake a week late?
Very, Very, Very, Very, Very, mild in flavor.  Almost no Flavor.
Candy is very stale.
This cheese was moldy & I did not even open it yet! Disgust!
Was looking forward to using this, but the containers were opened so buyer beware.
Stale and broken pieces. Waste of money :( I was looking forward to these :(
Items arrived broken. Items cannot be returned.
Odd tastes, too squishy. Would not buy again.
Buy this in a store. It is way over priced.
It tastes so light comparing to the oolong I had.  I had to use double/triple amount of tea leafs
Was not the wonderful flavor I remember from years ago
The bugs like to land on it just to prove it does not work
not a good deal!!!!!
The size of bar is micro mini. Cannot even unwrap them
These came from China, they are a sorry excuse for butter cookies.
Ordered the peach got black tea.  Sad for me :(
Tasted terrible.
Taste could not be worse - not sure what is in it but it tastes like chemicals
"No ""hint"" of jasmine AND terrible tasting green tea. Very disappointed"
Absolutely a rip-off!!!!!!!!!!!
This came in a tiny box. The contents fit into a small lunchbox. Not worth the money.
The taste of these cherries is plain old awful. Do not recommend them at all.
This arrived completely melted into liquid - DO NOT BUY
The chocolate and original flavors came expired.
"Would not""t buy again . I like tomatoes from Italy."
Just received these today and they are all smashed
Worst coffee I have ever tried.
Something really off about the product
Eating if the cookies had been intact.
Even the dog would not eat it.
Recipes call for 1/4 rennet tablet, even an entire tablet was not enough.
This jerky was so dry it was white looking
These taste like artificially sweetened Styrofoam. Do not waste your money.
worst Tropicana orange juice taste.
Avoid buying this corn syrup laden candy
Container came crushed and up all bent up. Package completely ruined.
Personally,  I did not care for the taste at all. I threw it out before adding it to my chicken.
Cans arrived dented in box.
These are mini chips.  This was not in the description.
Baked a chicken pot pie then threw it on the trash  ... It taste horrible
It has a very strong aftertaste
These were so very unappealing - even my 9 year old said they were gross and would not touch them!
Expensive, Bad taste, oil may have gone bad.  I threw it out
This stuff is terrible, does not taste like tea....or mint ....nothing like mint green
Good coffee but the aftertaste is the worst. The sweetener in this is horrible
They all came broken. Do not buy. Not worth it at all!
This did not have a enough cinnamon taste very weak
tough, flavorless unable to get a refund Do not waste your time or money with licorice or company
"its taste great... but one cookie its like in mexico says... ""transplante de coronarias"""
the arrive broken it was a mess
Completely melted
Expired item received. The item i received expired on 7/28/2019.
Artificial flavor - that should be the dead giveaway.  What a waste.
The worse mamoul i ever had in my life was so old and dry no taste or flavor
Not a good product. The gnocchi tastes sour and gas a weird smell
It is super gross bland and wierd textured
This was mostly mayonnaise.
Lacking in flavor and scent! Poor purchase and can not return!
Eww.  Candies are rock hard and not a good shape for lollypops.
Too sweet, masks the flavor of coffee and lacks richness
Product was stale
Dry tough. Lacking spice.
Like earl Grey but double Bergamot is just not my cup of tea!
It is made with soybean oil. Are you kidding me?
I received groumd instaead of whole bean....very disappointing.
Arrived covered with ants.
Received on 11/17/20 with best by date of 12/1/20.
These greens were very tuff, to chew.
This has hydrogenated oils in it which I could not tell when ordering. I never used it as a result.
Quality and quantity were good. The mixture of flavors just did not work for us.
Not very tasty... the masa is rather dry and the pork is scant.
The taste was not good. Did not finish the box.
Candy is old  and cannot get them out of wrapper,they do not taste flavorful.waste of money
Bag is torn and only half bag of Kit Kat left Weighed it, about 1.14 pounds delivered :(
I cannot eat.  Too spicy for me,  I cry when I try to eat...
Leaves were very dry and did not smell like bay leaves. I had to throw the whole bag out.
Arrived a total mess in the box...unusable
Expired 2 months ago
No different than regular SPAM
I was very disappointed on these wraps. The texture and taste are awful.
This stuff tastes horrible!
Do NOT but this product.  It will come melted.
I bought it $6 from h-mart.(korean grocery) It is too expensive.
Busted bottles upon arrival
I was very unhappy, every single egg in the box was squished. Not happy
Great smell but the flavor is not there. I made a butternut cake and it turned my icing peach.
Not worth the money and there is no consistency in the nut butter from jar to jar
Terribly stale!!! Disgusting. Do not waste your money.
I dislike it a lot because they did not feel fresh, they were old
Got as birthday gift none of what was in the pictured is in the box
Bad, artificial flavor that is not sweet or tart enough. Would not recommend lemon lime
Really bad taste...almost chemical like
Crazy expensive for what you get. Very disappointed.
The taste is horrible and the coloring is worn off. One of my favorite candies ruined.
The package came in this condition. I would like the Item replaced.
I usually love these. This whole batch was burnt, tasted bad
They taste terrible - all flavored. I was pretty bummed - I was really excited to try
Product great.  Price I paid was redickulous!
This item was spoiled and rotten
Not sure if it was old or just taste terrible but it was awful.
Arrived damaged. NO ONE offered a replacement or refund!!!!!!
I could not tolerate the taste. Thrown in garbage.
Not like the on the shelf version at all. Must be seconds.
Needed this product for my girlfriend to bring to work, and it came full of mold. Waste of time.
The coffee in the bottle came out and I was in a mess and I want to send a picture.
Package NOT delivered! But the coffee is great.
Jar opened and all the liquid spilled in bag!! Very disappointed! Glass cracked!!
coffee pretty weak, no smell and taste of coffee, as if you are just drinking hot water.
The size was wrong and it messed up my machine. I did not even use most of them.
I opened the container and right away could tell  not fresh whatsoever so I will not use it
Not spicy.  Only flavor was overly processed taste like you would find in powdered eggs.
These tasted nothing like the originals at all! Horrible aftertaste! Ick
Popcorn had alot of hulls
The new flavor is disgusting! Please change it back!!!
3.5 oz bag with alot of air and not 3.5 oz of nuts a rip off 10.00 for air ridiculous
Everything looks good.
When received it, it was melted.
These are NOT salted. Disgusting. Tasted one and threw them out. 
The green comes out very meh, not emerald at all. The other colors are much better
No taste blah waste of money
The inside of the wrapper comes off on the rolls
When I received these cookies most of then were already broken or crumbled.
Product came in open bag with smashed tortilla chips
Dry, old, and too tough.
Dry powdery texture, horrible taste. Would never buy again.
This flavor is awful and overbearing and the smell is pungent
These tasted artificial. They were horrid.
Disgusting! Tasted like mouthfuls of fake sugar
The cup cracked as soon as the tea water was put it in. And the seller will not replace or refund
Was very bland had to add flavors to make it palatable
Barely any jelly inside and super dry and bready tasting
Terrible. Unable to return. Do not waste your money
good idea but the sugar content is too high
Very small amount, very overpriced.  Taste is nothing special.
Hard to eat and digest.
Yucky wanted to like this gross
Try other brands.
Plastic bottles leaking when arrived and the product had separated into liquid and goo!
Honesty, do not enlarge the photo of the item just to sell it.
The glass jars are broken and the lid was off and spilled in the box
Terrible. Tasteless. Made me feel tired instead and felt off.
Smells horrible and my 4 year old said it tastes disgusting. It does look cool though.
A friend and I bought a box to try and were extremely dissapointed.
Picture contains the dead ants and chocolate on stick and oily spots
Personal preference I guess but my dogs and cats also did not eat these.
Half of the products were expired.
Arrived dead. Waste of money
All but 2 cans came dented.  Many with severe dents.  Wish they did not come damaged
chocolate took  so long to melt and consistency was not at all good. very difficult to use.
The boxes were crushed
Hydrogenated oil, in my opinion,  changes the whole thing -- value, spreadability, taste, heath.
Does not work in my Keurig 2.0.  It recognizes that this is not a K Cup
Cheese flavor was faint at best, these taste like packing peanuts.
My package came but cookies was open so I threw it in the trash
So disgusting!  Tasted like vinegar.  Could not get that taste out of my mouth.  Yuck!
I used this coffee in the morning but did not like the taste.
It was a melted mess by the time it arrived
Did not help my pain at all. ???
Soupy watery garland
Plant in horrible condition Trying to send pics. Please advise how to do so
The serving size is too small to make this a good value. The taste was disappointing.
So far 3 of the bags have holes in them.  I have not gone through all of them but cannot use those.
The poppy seed filling was in a syrup that was way too sweet. Not the product I am used to.
You would be better off using yellow and just purchasing a gold dust to mix it with
Coconut scent is very faint, will not buy again.
It has ingredients that made me very sick.
This tea has a very strong ginger flavor. I did not find it drinkable and stopped at the first cup.
The taste of these is disgusting, in my opinion. Will never purchase again.
Totaly rotted it was shiped slow and got to me spoiled and damiged
Get this off my account
I cannot believe anyone would give these a bad review but seriously they are the very WORST
This is the 2nd time I have received the wrong item.
All crumbs. Do not buy
They are shapeless and stuck together.
My order came open. I was not able to return or report it.
I do not have any use for melted chocolate candy. I threw them away.
Kiss the Blarney Stone for Luck - Irish Eyes Are Winking - just lame :/
Too thick and bready. Flavor is good though
Yuk, I threw it away. Worst ham
Both of these packages molded even though they were not opened and are dated as fresh.
Chunky and particles
The FAKE BAGETTE TASTE LIKE DRY WOOD!
This is horrible horrible coffee do not waste your money!!
They sent almost expired one. Only 2 months left. Taste is junk. Too soggy...
Honey arrived with the lid broken and Honey all over the inside of the box
This gum is horrible. Never buy again.
Was Not strong enough taste for me. Much less flavor than cheetos or cheez-its
The advertising half bread & half of it bagel, I ended up receiving Whole grain Bread!
DOES NOT TASTE ANYTHING LIKE GRAPEFRUITS!!! Very disappointed !!!
Tasted Terrible.
I did not like the taste at all!
Cookies were crushed into tiny pieces.
Ths product was likely powered tomato at some point. Now it is in big clumps and as hard as rocks.
"Over HALF of the ""k cups"" do not work in my keurig!"
These are far from sweet - they are bitter and not very good at all.
Did not receive organic, other reviewers said same.  Really annoying!
Only received two syrups in the trio box. Total let down. Do not order this
This product was old, the seeds were disintegrated
Quantity for price. False advertisement.
Not the same taste I got used to
Bad, it molded. Moist jerky, yucky taste, stringy. Just bad
Does not taste anything like real strawberries, just extremely processed. A bit too runny as well.
Gummies were melted together. We were given a full refund.
Yuck. Gave one star for nutritious value. Not what we expected,
It has bad aftertaste. I would not recommend it.
Not fresh tree them out
i bought this with a very good deal BUT  the expiration dates is just right after one month!
Only received 10 out of 12 purchased and one of the 10 packs was opened and one piece missing!
One of the bags was popped and drained into the box
No flavor crackers taste grease with no cheese flavor will not buy again use to love these a lot
Not childproof. Paint came off easy.
The black mulberries where dry and had no taste . They were horrible .
Tasted like licorice.  not at ALLL what I wanted  :-(
not value for money - get from costco
Fondant was open inside of delivery box so unfortunately could not use it.
It takes too long to melt in your cup of warm/hot milk...kids got too impatient
Do not order in the summertime. Mine came off the truck all melted!
It arrived spoiled
Product was spilled inside and moldy
Arrived completely shattered and there is no option to replace or return...
I try it and it seem to be missing something.
This is counterfeit. It does not taste real.
Bought two and bag was open at the top corner! Ugh.
Did not like the cereal? It did not taste good.
All of mine were expired for over a month by the time I got them. Will not purchase again.
Probably takes some getting used to. Just not a fan of the chalky taste.
Far too expensive for what you get
MELTED ALL OF IT BAD
I was disappointed that the product arrived kind of beat up with powder all over the package 
This stuff is terrible, pressure is way too high and sprays everywhere. Makes a mess of everything.
I am not sure it was really chicken looked strange smelled bad i threw it out.
Broken mug and cannot return
Taste almost like the red kind
Very week flavor I do not recomend it to any one, try to return it ,but no returns for this item.
DO NOT BUY this product. Tasted bad Leaked Honeycomb was discolored.
I do not buy damaged, crushed cans
This is not the same product and was not sealed
This was disgusting...
Horrible taste. Waste of money.
They  came  smashed
Do not waste your money. Non returnable feeble excuse for a bag of candy.
It is too hard to chew and feels waxy, would not buy this again, and is tasteless.
this stuff is gross
There are other versions NOT made in China; this one is.
These have 41 grams of carbs a serving!!!!
They are really small
everyone of them was broken
Do not believe the picture
It came broken in 4 places and looks like old chocolate. Very disappointed.
not fresh, peas were damaged and had mold
It is not useable
do not buy taste like nothing but gritty sugar.  made big mistake and did not read reviews.  Awful!!!!
It tastes disgusting
These taste like paper. Just very very bland. Do not waste your money.
Ugh.  Soft.  No crunch ..maybe stale.  I was looking forward to this treat.
The bag was ripped inside the package box. Upset it cannot be returned and cannot be eaten.
The grass never rooted.
Very deceiving. This is a tiny box. The treats had black spots.
Cheesy.Poor quality
This is awful. The worst tasting thing ever. I got orange... 
This item was not fresh was very hard and crumbly
Does not come CLOSE to tasting like tangerine.  DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE.
I tested this for purity and it is NOT pure turmeric. It has metals and other fillers added
Multiple packages were open in the plastic bag
Very small almost sample size bars. Over priced for what you receive.
It arrived with a broken cap and Leaked all over.
I received the WRONG package - This was not pour over butter type, it was movie theater butter
What we got looks so different and much less than what is shown.
The flavor is good and great value, but cannot take the coffee grounds in the cup.
Nearly all broken when they arrived.
Used to be delicious but all the recent batches I have received have an unpleasant taste.
Tiny bit of bad tasting powder.
It was super dry! Some of the chick peas were hard as rocks. The broccoli tasted gross.
They were great until I bit into a moldy one.  Only had this batch for two weeks.
Do not buy. Does not work with Keurig and the seller will not return or replace it.
I wish i had not bought such a big case, gave away..  did not like the taste...  I will stick ours.
this is a sham  not real.  what is pictured is mossops honey and what I received was a no brand fake
SUPER THRIVE DID NOT HAVE LID AND LIQUID HAD LEAKED ON ALL 3 ITEMS
item was broken from bottom and was spilling
So many broken ones! Disappointed!
No size given, and look at the shipping versus the item cost.  Is this a joke?
Bought for grandkids but they would not eat because peanut butter was old
This product is garbage, absolutely no flavor.
its not 8 each of each flavor its just 8. Needs to be more descriptive.
they were not tasty, and the cheese flavor was not good
They do not taste anything like Butter Mints, do not dissolve like them either.
I did not like the taste of product. It taste was like cough syrup. I will stick to Propel.
With the safety seal popped before arrival it was useless.  I had to throw it out.
No flavor, watery, disappointing. Amazon need to do better with their produce.
Too starchy. Does not cook well
I hate ginger lime and want lime back
Went into the garbage
The biscuits do not explode for a year she is were stale right out of the box! DISGUSTING!
I am not very fussy with coffee but this flavor of dark roast i thought tasted a bit like raisins.
I bought four bags and ALL four had weevils in them.
Stale, no coating and the marshmallows looks like factory rejects.
Melted together and I was here when the box arrived it did not sit outside
Beware!! I have ordered these twice but the second batch were old and not eatable
I will not order again
It tastes artificial
These items were five days late and the packaging for the Dorito is busted I would like a refund
There were little worms in the bag with the beans, munching away :(
Small! Too expensive for what you get - total RIPOFF!
Broken upon delivery.  Way overpriced, will buy local and ship next year
Most chips were broken.  Very few whole chips.
Bought this for Easter. Kids will not eat it.
Good product just know their smaller then a red bull by 2 oz.
It absolutely does not taste like passion fruit. Will not recommend.
Beware I missed the fine print! This is for one gummy bear! Picture is very miss leading!
they use the worst peices
It was open and capsules broken
When delivered my item had leaked all over package
The item was expired by more than a month when it was delivered to my door.
there is syrup all over the in side of package
Bad flavor and smell ): you should just use real butter.
NOT REAL WASABI!!!!
My flowers came looking ratty and they only lasted 5days
It is stale, hard and inedible.
Chocolates came al melted.  Could not use them!
It contains high fructose corn syrup which is a no no in my diet and should be in everyone is.
They have no flavor at all either.
Stale and hard.......had to throw away
Flavor is okay but super stale!
Melted and a liquid mess when I received it!
Most items have expired or are about to expire. Will not buy again.
I have received the broken bags. I wonder why it happens. So sad to receive the package like that.
Received October 5th. Crunch bars are so old they are white and taste awful.
Bag of cookies was really small. Too expensive for what you get
Not even close to pepper corns pictures. It is good that it is presently unavailable.
No taste and clumpy
Allll the Cans were dented every single one in different places
tasted good at first but the lingering bad aftertaste ruined it.  so wamted it to be delish.
Trying to get a refund because it was moldy, but cannot find a way to do it
Terrible. I bought two boxes and they are both completely stale.
Could not use because the bottle was broken and could not return
It was very bitter.
Package arrived and one item was damaged.
The ice cream mix was not fresh terrible smell
It is not in English so not even sure where this came from? Kind of disappointed
Product arrived 7/13/2022, with a best by date of 7/4/2022. A shame!
Not good. Tastes like cheap hotel room coffee.
Will not let me return a bag of pork grinds that I found opened and stale inside of my package.
These have no flavor other than sweet.
Thought I would be receiving a 10ct box, nope got 1 little bag of nuts. What a joke.
Cups were not compatible with my Keurig machine
3 months expired.
Arrived with hole in the bag and can not return. I will not buy this brand again!!
It tastes not so good and has bad smell
Container was broken in several places.
Did not live up to my expectations unfortunately. Do not waste your money.
Should have read the reviews. Just received the product, expiring in Dec 2018.
Nothing like when I buy it in texas
Horrible!  No where near the size it says!  DO NOT buy!
These are very fatty and have to be kept in the fridge, unlike any other jerky I have ever bought.
Love chicken soup. This is not chicken soup. Bear Creek is 5 star, this less than one.
$33 for 10 ounces?  Might as well buy lobster
Bought these for my Husband, he did not like them. He wanted a more Pickle Flavor.
Half the box was moldy. I had to throw them away
Not what I expected. Very greasy and like slum Jim's instead of actual pepperoni sticks.
Absolutely tasted horrible
both times the package was expired!  thought the first time was a one-off, sadly it was not.
Jordan almonds were old.  I threw them away.....will not order again
Not fresh; all stuck together in a blob.
The flavor is bad!
Tastes like a dull vanilla , no depth of flavor
My family could not eat it - like tasteless sawdust.
It is like eating cardboard. What a waste of money.
Sorry, to sharp of a taste.
3 bags less and two coins less in all the bags.
Expiration date was February 2023, but it was stale and inedible.
The nectarines were mealy. Unedible.
Not as prescribed; too much hype 
They were nothing but crumbs when I got them!
Taste was very artificial and has a strong artificial aftertaste. I will not buy again!
I like Kind bars, I dislike that the box sent was opened and missing a bar (11 of 12 received)
While the shipment was on time - 2 of my 3 cans were dented upon unboxing.
FromChina ithrew itout
This is basically a giant can of MESSAGE.
Pump is not long enough. Looks like it is missing parts
Many do not work with real Keurig machines. Also had multiple explore while brewing
This item was refunded it had a strange smell and was not fresh
Price was amazing but sorry to say that I think it tastes awful. Like cocoa milk and sugar....
I did not get a very strong coffee taste from this but it was pure sugar. Not a fan.
The package was broken when it arrived. The tea powered spilled everywhere....
The coffee expired in 2019. Horrible.  Opened to enjoy.  Not  good
I received them FAST! Cookies were all broken.
When I received the product of seal was broken And the garlic powder was spilling out.
Tastes terrible, very bad oily aftertaste. Not returnable, stuck with this bad product.
Can received all damage !
The chocolate and the cheddar ones taste ok, but the texture is awful.
These came expired!!! So disappointed!
Bottle cap came broken, so cannot close the bottle...Not very useful now
Outrageous price for nasty garbage disappointed in every way.
With just a few winter jackets hung, the unit fell over and one of the post broke after one day
One package for $11.99? Absurd!
They tasted really bad tossed the box
Product was damaged.
Like 6 crisps in each package
Way too much cinnamon Way to thick Not satisfied at all
Disappointed-  the item is old expired, damaged, taped up. Do not recommend.
tasteless not worth the money or the wait
I bought something else. This was cheaply made
This was full of oil terrible constantcy and flavor I through it away
Did Not seem fresh Chocolate discolored. Cardboard ish
The taste for the Thia Chicken is ok but the other flavors are vile!
I thought they were plain. The have strange things written on them.
It was to be a fall arrangement for my daughter.
The taste was horrible. If I could give it a zero, I would.
I do not understand all the good reviews, this coffee has very little flavor!
Tiny can for 15$
Received only half the order.  24 packs were ordered.
Delivered only 4 in the Bobs RedMill package designated for 6. Highly suspect
They were so gross. Low melting point. No flavor.
The chips were horrible, they tasted terrible, & I cannot even get a refund. Mara Pate.
Half of the eggs were melted and smashed!!
Cannot. They are broken
Tiny bag. 1/2 pound is deceiving for $10 purchase. Can buy that size cheaper at 7-11.
This stuff tastes awful. The O-Mango is the most disgusting. I could not go beyond one sip.
Wow, this was tasteless & dry. Their stuff is usually really good.
Do not buy them. Terrible quality, expired and poor flavor
Very disappointed. These were obviously old and past their prime.
Taste way to sweet flavour ok hard to rate a box of crumbs
Product showed up with a moldy bottle which was unappetizing. See photos below.
If you like just sugar then this is the best good coffee
Lies says .02 cents per ounce. Not true it is 19 cents per ounce way more expensive
Watery with a hint of dirt for flavor
WOULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT DEAL IF THEY ARRIVED IN ONE PIECE NOT BROKEN AND CRUMBLY .
The first 3 were fine then the rest were moldy and bad
Very bad, does not bring a single laffy taffy, I am not chatised with the product.
It tasted like mint. In the trash it went
Coffee is weak and no flavour Terrible
is has a horrible consistency, super oily. Buy the creamy one, that is good
I threw all of these away. They were old. Very disappointed.
The outside is not to bad it is the sweet tart middle. It does not taste right at all. Waste of money.
This bone broth tastes horrible
Bad flavor. Taste of chemicals. Do not recommend at all.
They taste like the Dill Pickle flavor.  Terrible.  Unable to return.
Not really a dip - more like a runny guacamole soup. Big disappointment! Would not recommend.
product is mushy even when under cooked and very hard to digest.
The box is all beat up and like shredded in some parts and it is not sealed.
Awful taste, crunch that turns to dry powder in your mouth. I love edamame but not this.
It is too unhealthy! Moldy, and disgusting
Melted in a squished box!Ridiculous!!!
Fresh is always better. You want instant you lose the crisp with this product.
I will never buy these again they are disgusting
The product went out of date last year
Too many chunks of tomato
This Hoosier spinach powder is full of gravel and so I cannot have it.
The lid was not sealed and some mustard was leaking
Received wrong flavor and not an option to return or exchange. Disappointed
Came melted. I was hoping that it would be ice wrapped
They were very hard, their supposed to be chewy
WOULD NEVER BUY OR RECCOMMEND EVER IT SMELLS BAD AND TASTES THE SAME....WHAT A RIP OFF
Product came with no label. Nothing in the box but the bottle and the plastic it was wrapped in.
Cannot understand the high ratings. Unusable.
Very very weak coffee
Came covered in mold
Tasted rancid, like it had already been spoiled.  No wonder it was a lightening deal item.
"Two words....""Butterscotch Barf"""
Unethical practices by manufacturer lend to the product not being worth the price  or time.
They stink. I mean they actually smell bad.
The statue is beautiful, but the head of the groom arrived broken off....
Two 10 Oz cans for $26. Ridiculous, be aware!
Oh wow,  this tasted terrible! Left a terrible after taste too.
Terrible! The kernels do not pop.
Lumpy and terrible taste
It is too tiny!!!i thought it is the bigger ones.  Extremely expensive for the price!!! Be careful
Can arrived damaged, and cannot be returned.
This was supposed to be 6 boxes of tea bags.  I only received 1 box. Help. Who do i contact?
I found a 5 pound bag for $10.99!!
it because my left eye to twitch.
Not as pictured. These are snow pea brand microgreens.
Tasted ok but very stale.
The box was open I am dissatisfied with this order of hog bucket and I want a refund
Product seemed close to expiration date.  Jolly ranchers were chewy/soft not like hard candy.
Every single time, the strawberries have been bad with fungus growing on it.
Skip this in my opinion.
Absolutely disgusting after taste! Weirdly crunchy and not worth the money. Very Displeased!
Either it was flat or just plain disgusting.  Does not work with alcohol, either.
Todays news reported this garlic is contaminated with pesticides. 17 dec, 2021
Cost to much, though it was plain case of water
They were all broken! Will not order them again!!
Do not waste your money.  Not sure what I am supposed to do with this.
Was looking for some chili oil that was actually spicy and this is not it. Waste of money
I love to eat sunflower seeds, but these are way too sweat for a salty treat.
Not good. 365 brand much better
very very soft and way tooo sweet.
yeeesh! have only eaten a few out of one packet - wish I could return the rest of them.
It is old and the sugar is sticky & chunky
Bought it for my husband but after tasting it he will not eat it. Very oily yet lacking in flavor.
This candy was old and tasteless
It did not fit on the syrup and I cannot return it
I just tried these and they look funky and taste SOUR
You messed up when you put that garbage stevia in it
White color White mooshrum
Biscuits where crushed inside box
Mixes into a useless batter: flat, flavorless.  What a disappointment.  Never again.
Terribly salty!! Almost inedible.
Product came damaged and I want a replacement or refund!!
Arrived on time and was as expected.
Definitely will not be eating this!
They arrived broken into 2 or 3 pieces.
Heated it as instructed. Was terrible. The cheese was rubbery- I threw it out in our compost. Yuck!
It is very powdered and is not tea leaf.
I am Hungarian and remember these growing up, only these are disgusting! Will never buy again!
WTF is this in the bottom of the juice bottle?
This nut butter has no taste! Very bland. Will not order again.
Gigantic waste of money!
Package came empty!!
Several bags came damaged and opened  Not happy  Not worth complaining
The quality of the screenprinting is horrible.  The shirt is stiff.  Not a good product at all
This item came to be in a large, hard clump and is now telling me it is not eligible for return.
Fell for this again!! My own fault. Small container ended up costing me $13.99!! OUTRAGEOUS
These are terrible, I could not drink any of the flavors!!!!! Do not waste your money on them!!!
My favorite use is for pasta salad.  Adds really unique flavor.
Only one not a pack of 3
Some of the items included in the basket were almost a year expired.
The bag was open in the shipping box. Expensive candy/ a waste of money
Items received were all melted
Received a pack of 12 it was supposed to receive 72ct.
Nice package but not edible very bad tasting cheap snacks
Total crap now that it is not Aunt Jemima
This product was not what I have previously ordered. I did not like these at all.
One of the jars was open and leaking on arrival. Please replace .
Tastes worse and price per liter is almost doubled. Horrible product.
Dissatisfied with the taste of this tea.
Taste so bad,  spoiled
Not very practical
This is NOT a pack of 2. I only received ONE bottle.
Jelly belly jelly beans should be soft if fresh. These arrived hard! Bad business!
Do not waste your money!!!
Not fresh at all.
All the candy canes were broken
The worst macaroons I have ever had. Crumbly and easy to sweet.
Not fresh tasting
This is expired product!
It tasted bad. It ruined my whole Pad Thai dish. Going to throw away the rest.
Received package, box was squashed and contents came out
Wish I could of returned this. The flavor is terrible and a waste of your money.
The only purpose these served was to throw in the trash.
These capsules are not compatible with the nespresso machine.
I only received one and the package said I was ordering 2
Had some at work yesterday,  did not taste that great and had a allergic reaction
I could not stand the taste!!!  I had to spit it out!!! Then through them all away!!!!!
these are horrible...
I cannot rate these, because apparently they were delivered but not to my home.
Very disappointed that this gift was so bad
there are paper no wood! scam
Not made in Germany as was advertised
Gave this as a Thanksgiving dinner but when I cooked it. It does not brown as it should.
Would not recommend, could not get a refund.
I will not buy or recommend this.
Product damaged.
Do not waste your money.
Taste really terrible
The snack pack was a gift for my granddaughter.  The food was stale & the nuts were rancid!
These taste old and chemical like. Lousy bubble gum like texture.
Yuk! And horrible expensive.
For the price, amount of product not compatible. Product was melted when received.
"They are not, as advertised, San Marzano tomatoes, but an inferior ""imported Italian"" tomato."
After having the water tested for pH balance; it was found to be very acidic!!!!!!!
The product was delivered damaged and I had a big mess.
product safety cap torn off - disposed of product
There is a big hole in the bag. Lots of rice went out. Totally unworthy
Would not buy it again. Will probably throw it out
Product was damaged to the point of being open
What more can I say?  Empty tub.  Absolutely pitiful.
Bag appeared to have been opened. Unable to return.
smells good, but tastes too much citric acid, and not the robust taste of eggplant.
Way too hard to eat.
Received my box of 28 count tea bags open with 24 count in the box. Very disappointed .
Box of nuts arrived. Still had a month before they expired. But we are stale. And un edible.
we followed the instruction, first week, all good, second week stopped improving
The majority of these flavors tasted horrible
Half of them were broken
I received 1 box of 10...
This item was damaged when it arrived to my house
Very waste of money
Stale food not mug or basket advertised. Not worth the price.
Never write a review. It is not good
Taste and texture were very different. I did not like it nearly as well as regular 0%.
Would not buy again
Popcorn has very hard kernels and has very little taste
Looks nothing like the photo for the add and much smaller than expected. Very disappointed!!
Does not pop in an air-popper. The kernels fly out of the machine because they are so tiny.
I ordered Classico, this is NOT Classico!!!
The flavor of macchiato too strong overing the coffee make taste is missing ..
How does candy taste like cigarettes? This candy is old, stale and terrible tasting.
Crackers are old - past Expiration date
This item has been opened and I want to return it, but it is a non returnable item. Not happy.
This is the second time I received a damaged item from prime.
6 bags of orange crumbs were delivered within 2days. No crackers were involved....
I could not tolerate the taste.
Ouch, really hard!  shipped in bag so they arrived broken in small pieces.
I purchased beginning of September, and they were expired!! August 2022. 
90 percent of order was waffles. Very disappointed in the variety. No candy bars
jelly beans were hard. Unable to eat.
2 damaged packs of coffee. Smell is not good, most probably fake....
HORRIBLE... could not even give them away
Way too sweet.  Thai curry is not supposed to taste like a spiced ice cream topping.
Contents were melted together.  Very disappointed for kids. Never had this before.
Different than I expected Nothing special.
Delicious but way too much added sugar - unhealthy
Not happy with what I received did not look even close to the advertised.
The produck comes broken every time
I am sure they were marvelous, would have enjoyed them had I received them.
MAYONAISE ALL 3 JARS WERE TOTAL LIQUID.  SHAKING DID NOT HELP!!  ASKED FOR CREDIT ON ACCOUNT!
The product was spoiled.  It smelled like spoil meat.  NASTY, NASTY, NASTY.
"Do not like it tastes very ""chemically"""
Ugh seems more like a yellow, not very gold
Horrible delivery received at 5pm central time.. was completely melted huge mess!!!
Not happy. Safety seal broken
So upset. If I could give zero stars I would. Every single box was completely broken and smashed.
These are horrible! I actually broke a tooth trying to chew one!! Way too sticky!!
The taste was not to my satisfaction
I received multiple pieces of expired candy
It is not returnable or refundable and the jars are broken and leaking. Do not purchase!
I could not believe how small this bag of mellowcream pumpkins were. There were 12 in the bag
For the price I paid for this product I should have gotten more than four chips in the bag
This item contents is much weaker than my previous order. Not satisfied.
Arrived thawed out.
They are mostly little pieces.  Rejects from TJ?
The taste is horrible!!!!!!!
Smells rank and tastes is terrible. I will not be buying again!
Read the description.  One bottle not one six pack.  Definitely over priced
Order came and we opened to see these all expired less than a month from getting them. Awful!
Very small for the cost
Way too expensive for what you get! Truly disappointed.
Did not care for the flavor at all.
Tasted like real HAY. absolutely garbage. Do not waste your money
Disappointing. I did not care for it. Was dry and tasteless.
Ordering cookies by mail is just plain stupid unless you like crumbs, trust me
THE PRODUCT TAST GOOD BUT IT DOES NOT WORK ON ME TO REDUCE BELLY FAT I DRINK A CUP EVERY MORNING
We all found the kernels to be much tougher than other brands.
These are stale.  And there is a no return policy.
This syrup may be healthier than other low-cal maple syrups, but the taste is awful!
Beware. This does not taste like cashew at all.  Worst, not eleigible for return.
Not the best taste.  Weak with a hint of off
Broken bottles! Please refund!
Product seal was open, and it is not returnable. I do not recommend purchasing!
The worst things I ever tasted.  Going to see if my dog will eat them.  An expensive treat for him
the expiry date was way too soon!
Disliked price and some were melted on arrival
Totally stale and inedible.
Smaller than the usual full size cup
do not taste good not for me.
Stuck to the back of my teeth
They are so hard
Not really a great class flavor. Very dry
No really what i thought it will be. It is so tasteless it tastes like chalk in the mouth
Candy arrived all melted and stuck to the packaging. Threw most of them away.
I rec. a pair of Reebok tennis shoes and I did not order. I am missing a case of Gatorade......
Bought 96 and received half that, 48
Ugh, these were flavorless. I think I learned that you DO NOT want wet aged boneless ribeye. Blah.
Unbelievable:  29$ per pound!!  wut a rip off!!!
I received the item today and it is expired. It says I am unable to return the product.
Basic lemon flavor feels store bought, 4 oz definitely no value.
FOR $18.00  YOU ONLY GET 1 BOX OF 8 POPTARTS, JUST DO NOT FALL FOR THIS LIKE I DID  THANKS
I only received 1 of 12 bars in the delivery.  One individual bar was sent.
Unfortunately all of the candies were melted together . Big disappointment .
The bottle was broken. It leak everywhere
Even though fresh feels and tastes stale. Will not make the mistake again.
Did not like the light blend. Would like to switch to medium blend
I open my bag yesterday and all chocolates were melted.
Just plain Nasty. Absolutely coated with something. Most likely sugar water or other sweetener
No quinine In the product Was lead to believe that it was a tonic water with quinine
This were old and not fresh
It is only holding on to the protecting film, not fixable. Waste of time and money.
Waste of money....I wish I could return this garbage!!Never again!!
Not happy. Thought this price was for a 4 pack. Not ONE single beverage
Just it was rotten as you see from the pictures.
It arrived open and leaking
Said its was 9 count and only sent 6... Plus the 9 count is the same price as the 6 ..
The item can not be returned if you change your mind.
The tomatoes were nowhere near ripe.  I got a refund.  Excellent customer service from Amazon.
Arrived leaking syrup everywhere.
Poor quality. Sprinkles are very crisp. Not the correct consistency. Flavor is fine.
This is simply overpriced, cheep toothpicks and flimsy paper, one-sided paper.  Disappointed.
This is not fresh garlic.. very smushy
Glass jars of soup were broken - requesting refund.
These were as hard as a regular peppermint candy. They were not soft at all
had a fishy taste
"Do not buy this Salmon. There is ""Pan Sear Teriyaki Salman""  tastes thousand times"
I think these were very old coffee came out very light color
They were stale when they arrived.
Cute name but that is all there is to this thing. Do not fall for it. Tastes terrible.
Risky purchase. Only order if you do not mind them arriving in many pieces.
Not a fan.  Going in file 13
Taste was pretty bad
Worst abuse of a cashew nut ever
Very weird taste, Not Torani's best flavor.
Container arrived completely cracked. I would consider it inedible.
ARTIFICIAL - product is really bad
The taste was horrible
I am not happy that this is NOT certified gluten free.
My flour box arrived ripped and it is not returnable or replaceable??
Does not taste or sweeten like Allulose that I have had previously.  Crap!
Tastes like medicine. Very runny.
I purchased these thinking it would help with my gnat problem. It did nothing. Very disappointing
Not so much peanut butter, needs a nutty flavor. WHY is it do hard to get that?
most seals were broken and leaking 3 out of 12 are ok , Not a good deal
Product was damaged and not usable and there is no returns
I purchased this product from Costco. It smells like paint and it does not taste like butter.
Only received 11 of the 12 in the shipment
Love the other Nuts n More PBs but Toffee Crunch sucks...or else I got a bad batch.
Not a lot of product for high cost. Will Not allow for return
No flavor!  Do not waste your money.
Yuck yuckity yuck. These taste horrible.
It was bad and it was not a expected tasted spoiled
Did not like these , they were hard for the foot part , also they were big and just uncomfortable
Product had been opened when it arrived and it has no return policy
No nearly as good as Hadleys dates.
Tastes horrible is all I can say
I was not expecting pieces of paper
This was not worth the price!
I purchased 3 bottles. Two of the three caps were cracked and one of the seals was broken.
Not what I expected
My Plant began dying one day after I received it. it became very brittle and wilted. Very upset!
Outdated and poor lettuce
the flavors are just awful, seriously taste like puke. the mango is the worse of them all, omg yuck
Do not be misled.  It is the worlds smallest package For way too much money.
Nasty taste is all i can say
Old chocolate!!!
Dry and flavorless.
I dislike the taste of this snack! I enjoy the bars and highly recommend them.
I dislike getting coffee beans that are nearly a year old.
I found them to be salty, greasy, and with a thick very chewy skin.
This shipment is awful. Full of bad nuts and even a few pebbles. Good thing I eat carefully. YUKKY.
This gum only has flavor for mabe 45 seconds. Was not what I was expecting.
The bag of chips had expired a month ago! Very disappointed
Item received Dec 1, 2018 and expiration date is January 2019. Very displeased!
Too sweet. Does not taste of cloudberries.
It must have got warm while shipping somewhere as it tasted funny when I got it.
Bottle very small for price
Very deceptive packaging!!! Picture looks like a decent size portion. It is not!!!
I could not even taste them, they arrived melted. :(
STALE Have gotten multiple times from kodiak cakes. These  from Amazon came stale.....
Not as fresh tasting
Absolutely horrible experience with the product. It came completely melted and destroyed.
Unfortunately these are not good. Both me and my child took one bite and threw the rest out. Gross
If I could give it a -5 stars I would!! All of them were broken!!! ABSOLUTELY USELESS!!!!
Was not good at all will not buy anything good like this again
Do not order these in the summer! They ended up all in one chalky block.
I like that they are organic but taste like a salt stick!!!!
Safety seal was popped, not eligible for return. Watch out.
Tried 3 different flavors and they all taste bad
It is a definite no for me
Horrible taste! I appreciate offering dairy free and gluten free options- but this tasted awful!
Would not purchase again. Taste like hot water.
Price is too high.
Not that great of a tea.
The flavor was not very good! Very artificial taste!
Absolutely the most disgusting 'cookie' ever.
Terrible!! I will never order this again! They need to stop selling this! Awful!
very disappointed in the flavor...would not buy again.
Not what I expected,  do not really taste the flavor and there is an odd after taste that wrecks it.
I dislike that this label was changed and that it is from China  also it is not returnable!
Not to eat because it is not good.
I received slippers instead of muffin mix.
I am so annoyed I cannot return this thing it is huge and HEAVY!!!
Was supposed to be a 6 pack of 10oz bottles but I received a 3 pack of 5oz bottles.
Did not care for the taste at all. Threw most of it away.
Not a lot of flavor at all
Items were smashed and in a melted ball. Very disappointed.
This panettone is dry and old. Since I opened now I cannot return it. This is very bad
Some of the items were stale. Thought it was overpriced for what I received.
Most of them sides are not sealed so the candies were spilled. Here are some of them.
Waste of money. They come out small and not crunchy.
Extremely oily and lacks flavor.
Advertising states 6 pods I have received only 4 pods
These walnuts were rancid and disgusting could not eat! Beware! Seller has no return policy!
Received wrong tea-gold blend vs classic
This item was delivered with no ice and hot !!
Rubbery and flat tasting. Will not buy again.
Sticks to the pan so much that trying to scrape it off totally broke me.
Tried to return package and you cannot.  Came open.
Nuts tasted very stale.
Just got this delivered and it was a mess. The lid was not secured.
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! the tea  leaf look like Marijuana. Smh .
Not worth it! Cheaply made and broken when I received it
Was supposed to be individually wrapped but was not. Other than that I was satisfied.
One of the bags had been ripped then taped up with scotch tape. Needless to say they were stale.
Not seeing any results yet, to why i really purchase this item.but i am hoping it will work.
I received that I in market it was not happy
Must only work in Texas where its made. did not do crap in California!
Product is not received as shown.  Stale and all broken.
Candy was all broken
Was not ripe at all
Stale. The entire bulk box expires within a month or two months maximum. Do not buy
The keurig does not puncture these pods.
Not good at all... No flavor No scent Totally a wast of money.
Smells like cough syrup, tastes like medicine. Not my favorite.
Arrived one day late and all ice melted. Should not order it in summer!
Recieved 4types x 1pcs instead of 4types x 2pcs
Totally melted!! :(
Do not waste your money on this at all.
The marshmallows were stale and nasty.
The roses never opened, it was a total disaster.
Do not buy pls not good old almond they use
"ONE WORD ""STALE"" These are not fresh . save your money DO NOT BUY"
Expiration date was only a few weeks from purchase date for all boxes.  A few weeks.
This is a scam.  A can of soup for 12 bucks.  Save your money.
They came in dark brown almost old def was not worth it took long to deliver
This item arrived damaged and the package was partially open which is unacceptable.
Out of date unable to give as a Christmas gift. I tasted and was awful had to throw away
This product is very watery.
It happy ordered a pack of two but only one pack arrived.
Ham came and the it is was very different of others we have but , not flavorful
Tastes terrible!!  If you like this stuff I am sure it is fine lol
The product arrived melted, I threw it away because it was so disgusting.
It is simply tasted bad. This is not a chips, it comes like powder.
This is hardly sour which is specifically what I was looking for.
Ordered twice. Both times all came broken!
Thought it was a much larger bag for the price.  Poor value.
Candy was stuck to wrappers as if it had previously melted, or was older than it should be.
I love the old kind of Nougats . These have no flavor
These were way different then the ones in stores. They are super soft and taste weird.
It smells so terrible. Took one bite and I almost got sick the taste was so bad.
Coffee is like kids juice. Nothing to it even only 6 oz of water... Tastes weird too.
Very expensive box of raw oatmeal, I will not buy this again.
It was entirety awful.  Old , wilted, shedding and lacking anything close to illustrated
The flavor was off and soda in multiple cans was near flat.
Purchased 2- 4 bone received 2 bone. Ripped off! Would like a call on this
Looked like rats had got in it before they packed it.
First and last time buy just not my taste
Stale. Nuts.could not be consumed  Very disappointed
Very expensive not worth the money sorry
Got a box that looked re-taped. Sure enough, I opened it to only find four bags. Wow.
Worst bananas every expired brown moldy
Could buy in bulk cheaper locally. No different from regular gum
Plant arrived dead that is all.
This is more of a marinade than cooking oil-it has vinegar in it
It was not what I expected it was a waste of money
It clearly says 6 pack at $8.99 (1.50/count) but only ONE can was sent. Completely unacceptable.
lot of them were rotten
Moldy green in the can NEVER BUY
I received Cinnamon Sugar Cookie. NOT Maple Pecan.  Not happy.
If you are looking for low heat, this are not it.
One of the freshness seals was completely open.
Not as described. Does not taste fresh and they do not take returns. Waste of money
Very disappointed. I do not even know what to do with these now. Strange after taste and bitter.
Not infused but flavoured with garlic. This has likely changed since Monash provided certification.
Great taste. Also found only on Amazon.
They died the very next day. All I did was inbox them.
Way to much salt.
Made one batch of this. Tasted it and knew it was a mistake.
Not worth the money.
These were very hard on the teeth. I had expected them to taste better. They seemed old and stale
Not my cup of tea.
The taste and everything is great. Unable to drink it because the caps do not seem to want to open.
ALL THE CANS CAME IN BUSTED AND I CANNOT EVEN RETURN.  VERY EXPENSIVE AND VERY UPSET
everything was melted
Do not bother! Some smell good but they taste like hot water- no matter what cup setting!!
The taste was not good
I was unable to taste the product because it was moldy upon receipt.
Looks great. Bad stitching And weak fabric. The seams rips when I put them on :(
All 9 cams were severely dented. I should have listened to the prior warnings of do not buy.
Was damaged while shipping
This is what I got for $19.??. This is a major rip off!
This is nasty! Tastes like someone squeezed the sweat out of dirty socks.
it says less than 2% actuall extract on the bottle.
Literally a flimsy piece of art paper. Should not have been more than $3 save your money.
Very bad smell, would not recommend
The tin must have been upside down and in the sun, was not very nice, all the chocolate was melted.
This item arrived rancid. Unable to return or request a refund.
Item was not Starbucks Sumatra Dark, appeared to be a knock off with French writing on Keurig cup
I used to love this tea until they added peppermint. Now it tastes like toothpaste. Big yuck.
I did NOT like these!  Yuck.  Tried giving them away and nobody else wanted them either.
Very disappointed. They did not taste like a kiwi and very expensive.
product box was very damaged
The chocolates were covered in a white dusting substance, like they were old
I was really hoping to transition away from plastic...
This tea makes me itch for some reason. So weird because  I been drinking jasmine  tea for years
Very watered down. Very disappointed.
It does not taste good at all.
Expensive beans which did not even come with the flavor packet. Do not waste your time or money.
The took quite a while to ripen, and they were the size of limes. Ridiculously small.
8 of the 12 cans came in deeply dented.
Do not like cherry
The size of the bar was good but taste was not good!!!!
I did not care for this,I only ordered this because those darn youtubers made it look really good.
The taste was just awful.  It smells good but does not taste good..
All of the bags contained stale snacks! So disappointed!
Horrible tasting, would never buy again
They were old and hard like brick hard. Non-edible.
For $14.99 I was expecting more
$15!???!!! Is highway robbery! Absolute rip off
I only received one box, not the 6 I was supposed to get. I was so looking forward to this!
It tastes like amoxicillin liquid antibiotic and I threw it out.
I dislike that it stated I was going to get 14 and I only received 12
Awful, no flavor at all.  Disgraceful and should never be purchased if you want a burrito.
Tastes horrible and now they will not let me return it 
The price is way to high the bolognas is great but if you can afford it
Unbearably salty! Bordering on inedible. Would never purchase again.
Great Product and taste.. Although it came expired..
Several bags were open. They were also stale. Luckily my toddler does not mind.
I thought they were the big cans for the price they were small way too expensive
Not pure not honest, has terrible taste and has other mixture in it.
Over half of  the individual containers had no raviolis. They only had sauce.
This product was stale upon opening.  Dried out!
smashed and melted... says i cannot return.... WTH
Too many weird types of coffee.
It  didnot  seem to  be jasmine  tea  it  tastes  like  plain  green  tea. Waste  of  money
This seller advertises Poland Spring but shops Pure Life water.
Tastes like liquid red hots. I hate red hots.
Had a very strong chemical taste. Threw it away
please, somebody develop a good vegan creamer.
These taste like paper and look very cheap
There is some hard pieces in the mousse
that is over $2/can!!?! not worth the money!
Cake arrived and was very small. Part of it appeared to have been eaten. I will never buy this again!
this is not crme bouquet, it is butter cookie.  Do not look professional i am afraid to use this.
Terrible taste, too small and all where crushed.
Chips arrived hard and stale
this is what i receuved instead of the number 21 birthday cake decoration
The advertising half bread & half of it bagel, I ended up receiving Whole grain Bread!
This is a vending machine sandwich on white bread!!!! Tasted very dry.
Assembly required. Cost was too high considering how they arrive. Would never buy again.
The product is completely inedible. Do not waste your money on purchasing this product.
The candy did arrive and it appears to be old.  It is hard as a rock!
This tastes horrible- it is so weak tasting
Expired product upon arrival. No ability to return or get a refund. Unusable.
Are you kidding methe package was soooooo smallI will never, ever buy from them again!!!!!
I did not like that it had sugar in it. I would like no sugar, no artificial sweeteners.
If I could give the flavor a zero, I would.  This taste nothing like lemonade or blackberry.
I am not happy. The bag had busted open and white chocolate mix was EVERYWHERE.
I wanted to like these but they have a very bad aftertaste that I cannot get past!!!
Arrived crushed.
When we received the product box was missing 3 cans.
Eating the box it came in would taste the same. Terrible
Did not really work for PMS. But tasty tea.
These cookies are disgusting.
This is the worst tasting think I have eaten.
Tastes like s#*@. Terrible. Do not buy.
This is just a crappy rice. We threw it because the quality is very bad. We cannot even eat it.
They arrived all broken in pieces.  Not what I was expecting, but the taste was ok.
Maybe the other flavors are good but the Salted caramel toffee one is not
little taste chewy like a softbatch
They are stale. Carmel is hard and falls apart rather than chewy.
The cookies were rock hard. Father in law could not eat them. Definitely not worth the money.
Do not buy. They are not yummy.
The item is very small. Not worth the price, also came in broken.
Did not taste fresh, to thick and did not taste like it was the greatest.
Would have been much better but it was pretty much Mullen  dust in a teabag. Undrinkable
Did not do a thing for me except give me bad allergy symptoms.
Gross!! It was extremely stale and ended up going in the trash. Not at all edible!
Ordered 2 boxes. One box had 12, as per labeled. Other box had 7 only.
My childs birthday
Syrup arrived shattered with syrup oozing out of the box and no return or exchange policy.
Terrible.  Old and or expose to extreme heat. Powdery. Yuck!
Overpriced much cheaper at store and taste is terrible even bad for sugarfree
Do not buy. It is expired and cannot be returned. I guess I just flushed that money down the toilet.
Bottle broken and product unusable.  Significant mess of broken glass and vinegar in box.
The item came expired and then said it was not eligible for returns.
This product came with the box all dented and broken and some of the cans were crushed.
The chocolate chips were melted by the time we received them
Came smashed in pieces. I do not like spreading glass on my toast
I will not buy them again.
I like French Vanilla Coffee but this one has an aftertaste.  I really do not like it.
Not sure if this was actually horseradish or not as it had no smell and no flavor.
Product left in hot sun
Recieved mine damaged and when I opened it, it went everywhere!
They arrived melted and we cannot use
This is inedible. Totally gross. I do not understand how this recipe is passing in stores.
Everything was broken!! Need to be package better. I would not even give it one star.
stale and smelled like rancid bear tallow!
The cookies arrived broken, very disappointing
The item came ripped open. There is no replacement policy setup for this item.
Do not buy, they shipped stuff past it is freshness date by months!
Was not fresh! They were all crushed  or cracked. Will not be ordering again.
Inside of packaging is very sticky. Three product away. Would not purchase again
Terrible not fresh over cooked. Serving the rejects thanks a lot.
we were sent an empty tub without a lid.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE FAKE FOOD. TATES LIKE ANTIFREEZE. TERRIBLE.
The pasta falls apart, does not hold its integrity. Do not waste your money.
Product was broken and i cannot return  they dontgivethe option of replacement
Flavor not all there
Did not produce mushroom shape popcorn. Very disappointed.
Tastes like tap water of the worst kind. It is going to be hard to even finish.
Definitely not worth the money.
This is not the product described on the website. Do not buy it.
The flowers arrived mostly dead, very unhappy with my purchase.
Stale, but not quite rancid. returned them
I bought 2 packs and ended up throwing them all away.
Expensive peanut water
Great product buy it from a different shipper
Product came quickly but stale
The oatmeal is not good. Not even edible.
The flavor of this was not so good and it had a mealy texture. I would never buy this again.
Item received crumbled up. No whole cookies at all and my daughter was very disappointed.
This product looks horrible and there is no way to return it.
Stevia can cause some very serious side effects so please do a lot of research.
These are good but they are all crumbs in the bag. Not 1 full cracker.
Too tough to chew. Does not tear off easily when you bite.
I really like the blue berry one instead.
They were funyuns all over the box along with a bunch of ants
Gum was not fresh and hard as a rock
I WOULD LIKE ANOTHER FRESH BOX
Arrived dead and falling apart. Total disappointment.
Not fresh at all very stale.
Received with seal opened
They are not delicious at all! And will expire soon! Disappointed.
This was delivered leaking and spoiled. No return is offered. Will never order again!!
I received an expired product.
This was awful. Very gritty, almost like the mix was not totally dissolved.
THESE ARE JUST REGULAR PEANUTS IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR GREEN BOILED BUY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!
Disgusting flavor and 2 of the bottles arrived broken.
Could not wait to get it, it tasted like horrible medicine do not buy it
Product containers were bent . Product inside was hard. Had to distroy.
Milk never turned to yogurt after eight hours in Hot Pot.
Damaged boxes.opened boxes. Would not recommend
The bad was torn and gummies were wet. Got a refund and thew them away.
The flavor was overwhelming and the texture was not pleasant.
They came to me stale and had absolutely no taste to them big disappointment 
Terrible, the worst licorice I have ever tasted. I returned it.
I did not like the flavor of this tea, bitter.
Must have gotten hot at some time, made it hard to eat!
The cookies were all stuck together
I like the flavor they sent me even though it was the wrong flavor.
This product simply loses at the second bite and for the rest of the freezie you are disappointed.
They are hard and crumbly and wrapping is stuck inside some of them. I think they are old?
Not good did not do anything for me no flavor
This pasta sauce is organic but it is thin and watery. I will not order again.
The item was supposed to be sour sugar free candy it is just regular candy
my friends and I do not like this.
Wish I knew. It was stolen.
Not what I thought was ordered. Had white tea in the description.
Not fresh at all. Almost inedible.
A few pods were damaged.
They are too soft
Poor quality. Very disappointed with this cake topper. It name bent and in horrible condition.
They taste like cardboard.
My ice cream sandwiches looked like they went thru hell and back were crumbled and terrible to eat.
Not good.  New recipe is not good at all. I will not be purchasing again.
I dislike the idea that this product was not returnable. Arrived mostly broken.
Bottle says shake well. But when you shake they explode because the sugars so old. Smell like beer.
The candy is stale but the flavor is still good.
Taste nothing like coffee. It taste like cardboad.
Lupini had a not appealing taste of chlorine
It was just nasty. Too sour and horrible taste.
Eggs are great but often a few of them are broken on arrival
The order that arrived were small boxes inside one large box.
The jerky was hard as a rock! I have bought multiple times & this was very disappointing!
50gm packets are available for $1.49 in stores
Mine came all over the box unwrapped and no opportunity for a refund.
Not able to get a refund even though most of the cans were damaged and half full. Waste of money.
The batch we received was burnt!
Smashed can.  And no returns?  Not right!
These are the worst M&M's I have tasted.
Was sent a expired coco powder and I did not even realize it til 3 months later.
i would not order again. thin and very short.
Shipping was 2 weeks late.  One bag was open had to throw away
Smells good while brewing, but has zero flavor other than coffee.
It is pool grown!!!They are going to kill people with this BS!!!
Taste is ristretto, certainly not Lungo. It is more of a 10, than a 6. (I am Italian, I know)
Tastes disgusting. Better to stick with nespresso brand, Starbucks, peets, or higher quality pods
Product came open and the qaulity was not good
Bitter...too strong for my taste
The price for sugar free is an absolute joke. Why is it so much more than the original and zero?
received PLAIN chicken, NOT CREAMY!!!
Same experience as other reviewer. Open bag, tea all over package. Returns not allowed.
Consistency of baking powder... not like your normal yummy every day Bisquick.
Disgusting, way too much fennel seeds, definitely not the taste I was expecting.
Not worth the money. Very old. No flavor and no fragrance.  Sad that I wasted this money.
Both bags had holes, totally useless!!
I know that these are 1 a++ I do not think it was a good crop . Soso.
One spice is very over powering. Great idea just not for me I thought it was going to be better
The product tasted very dry and flavorless
You pay too much for what you get. They do not taste very good either.
Was not good hate it
Capsules came all defective. Some of them burst when tried to use...ridiculous
It had zero shine. Made my confection dull and dirty looking
Gum last about 6 minutes and then your have to throw it away. Gets sticky  and falls apartment
Arrived in a mass. Obviously melted and solidified. Unusable.
Very odd taste. This is the only flavor Spindrift I do not like.
Terrible. Tastes nothing like the original.
Not as good as others I have tried.
Broken! More than half of the pretzels are broken. Disappointed as I paid a lot for them.
The taste was harsh, and not at all flavorful.
only received very berry / tropical packets. no eggs/bites. eat my ass
Bland Aweful , sugary taste
There are hidden sugars/sweeetners in these products
Be careful, the flavors shown might not be the ones you receive.
A rip-off !  Thought I was getting the full wheel  based on the price!
Was not aware that this consisted of instant coffee, also the container is very small.
Dried as expected but turn into powder when eating.
Very weak taste, sour. I wish I can return this. Wasted $40.
Product is old and candy is crushed and open!
Tastes horrible like the title says
Would never reorder this
One out of 3 cans leaking. You will not let me return the item. Canned Ham. Smells bad!
Super gross. Seriously.
The potato chips were mashed by the juice jar.
the plum butter from Croatia is of great quality but ...I received a damaged item, see the photo
Opened the bag as soon as it got here and it was dried out could not even chew it
Price is a rip off for 2 mugs of hit chocolate!!
Received an out of date bottle.
Was open when I got it
I have had and enjoyed this product in the past. I would appreciate it if this issue was addressed
This product is very expensive and it taste horrible do not buy this product
Way over priced not even good do not waist your money go get real ramen
Came busted. Not able to return.  Very disappointing
The bag says Whole Cashews. At least half of the cashews are half or smaller pieces.
Funny taste did not like them
The windows and doors were much smaller than expected.
It is not in a bottle as shown/described. This is bagged in a plastic package.
No flavor no value fir the money
Did not care at all for the taste. Trashed it.
Did not put in a moisture proof package. Is moist and hard to open any of the candy. Inedible.
Not happy, terrible after taste. Would never buy again!
The container was open when I receive it very unhappy
Will not buy again! Combos were stale.
They have a weird aftertaste, probably from the artificial sweetener. I ended up throwing them out.
Expiring soon, some open bags and stale chips!
They make you think you are getting 3 dinners. Its $9 for 1. Do Not waste your time or money
What a RIPOFF  Buyer Beware.  Total SCAM
Product arrived leaking and it is not returnable.  Waste of money.
Huge piece broke off first use.
I thought that 14 packages of 3 oz Jello will arrive. However what I received was only 6.
The order was short on the number of packages sent
I just got this today and it expires this month.
Could not use came opened. Had to toss in garbage. No refund Wasted Time & money.
They made it seem like it was the big bags that was the little bags
I ordered this and both cans came totally dented. Very disappointed!
I was supposed to get 72 cups and I got 12!!!!
This was a colossal waste of money
Disappointing quality and flavor
This was listed and priced as a 3 pack. However, I only received 1 pack of 10.
The actual box was quite damaged. Outer box was fine. It was packed like this!
I ordered a 1 pack of 10 pouches. I received 1 pouch and was charged 36.37. Not a good purchase.
Nasty weak coffee!!waste of money
disgusting nasty broken to pieces tasteless product
I did not care for these at all. The texture was intolerable. Threw away the entire shipment.
Never got it or my refund
Did not like the flavor
I need a refund.i got sunflower seed butter not the Ghee.
poor quality, diluted to tasteless...
Tasted old and stale...
I received the wrong items
Bland and enough veggies. Very disappointed
"I was hoping for ""flaky"" crust and chewy caramel. They are hard as a rock and taste stale. Very sad"
They look like they have been through a war. Would not buy again
Not worth the $$
pasta consistency is granular & not appetizing at all. Did cook according to directions.
Only 6 count do not buy!!!! This is not a 36 count as listed.
This was a gift! Had to return as it tasted old and hard
Just a powder of something that is not fenugreek. Disappointed much and lost my money.
Garbage. Stale threw into trash! Thanks! Terrific Deal Incorperated!
I did not actually get the product.  Instead I got peach flavored pinky up tea.
Strong, strong vinegar with no discernible pomegranate flavor.
Absolutely disgusting and slimey
Plants are dying
This arrived totally smashed
they did not come on time and they were melted
Deceptive. Says it is a 3 pack- it is not. It is only 1 pack
made in china? disappointing. Also no USDA sticker on the bag.  Americans like American made.
Do not buy this, go to your local grocery instead
While the best by is good, the candy was completely stuck together. Possibly melted?
These are 27 oz bottles, NOT 12.7 oz bottles as in the description.
not fresh at all old tasting!.
The pricing system makes no sense.
I have ordered twice, and both times got full sugar, not sugar free
Weighted it twice and it was not 2 pounds!
Flavor was good. But they were not as fresh and not as crispy or maybe I should say too crispy.
The broth is great. WAY overpriced, it is only $1.99 at Trader Joes same size carton.
Should be no stars. All I could taste was cinnamon.  Not even a hint of vanilla or hazelnut.
The product is misleading, I wanted the ones pictured not the graham ones.
This is not $40 worth of anything.
Not very good coffee
These are so nasty! Please do not waste your money. I wish I could return them.
We use to buy this coffee all the time and this one did not taste anything like it.
Many of them are leaking. what a mess
Ugh..they are awful. Nothing like jelly belly
Very bland. Will not buy again. Yuck!
Horrible! Do not buy this:(
Bag was really small
Too hard. Not bad tasting. But very, very hard.
Price gouging. You can get this for $5 in local store. Do not buy.
Dry and very bad tasting - AND, expensive
it tasted stale and not crunchy... has potential to be good but was nasty
Listing is wrong. Says it comes with 12 bags, but it only comes with one
Item arrived opened. Since it is a food item, it is not eligible for return. Very disappointed.
This was floppy and soggy, not crisp.
This product was not great tasting.
This has a cancer warning on it. Will not be reordering.
Not as flavorful as I hoped.
Says pack of 3 but got only one pack
I love this candy.  However, it was delivered in terrible state and is non-returnable.
Unfortunately we received a package of rancid macadamia nut. Unacceptable.
Not worth the price. Very runny.
Came broken and kind of looked freaky
This was nasty. I could make better with salt and pepper.
The chocolate egg I received was in pieces....I would like to be refunded please
The image had several bromen pieces, I could not use it and apparently there are no refunds.
Very bad purchase. Pretzels were terrible tasting.  Popcorn was stale.  Not worth the money.
Way Over priced!! No refund 
Not a good value for money
Stale!!! Do not waste your $
It was mushy. Threw it away.
Advertising says it tastes like cane sugar, far from having the taste of sugar as advertising says.
Item dead within a week.  No help with replacement.  Do not order, waste of money!
I love these but my last order tasted moldy
Messy. Tiny pieces. Tasted like artificial watermelon candy.
Terrible quality. Dried pods,  no aroma and seeds dried up.
Expired and not returnable. Gross!
Do not like the sugar free.
Disliked the product.  Hard and could not eat.
Dry as a bone.  So dry spoon is embedded in it. No replacements evidently.  Do not order.
Disgusting.... total waste of money!!
Horrible taste.  Buy some fruit leather and save yourself a couple bucks
I ordered two packages and only received one package. Very disappointed.
The candy was as hard as a rock not edible. This item is nonreturnable as well!!!!
This bag ripped open almost immediately.
Beware, the unhealthy saturated fat due to coconut/palm oil ingredient.
Will Not use product as bag was spilled throughout.  The product itself is fantastic
I opened the bubble wrap and jars were covered in sticky marmalade some with dirt on the labels.
Melted :( I ordered these as a present for my sister when she opened them today they were melted
We only received one jar of almonds in this order!  It was advertised as a two pack.
Item arrived late and m&ms were broken. Totally unusable. Disappointed to say the least.
The licorice was too hard to eat
Candy was too hard not even soft
Tasted terrible, texture was bad. Could not return to Amazon, three it away.
Not for me, awful. Too much seized, no flavor!
The package said grape, the flavor was black licorice, the bag was mislabeled.
It was way too salty. I will never purchase it again.
Yuck.... and I thought I would love. And could not return, so I tossed. So disappointed....
Do not be fooled by the picture. It is only 1 egg priced at $12. I will be sending it back tomorrow.
Flavors are fine but the bottles leaked in the box. Quite a sticky mess. Better to but in a store
These taste like chemicals and not bananas. I have purchased other brand and this one is not good.
The tea is not even like the picture what they advertising in Amazon  the color is brown not green
It is positively is not the same!
This is like no jerky i have ever had. It is like pressed something? Flavored with flavored something?
Terrible bitter taste, smells good though
Would not purchase again.  Had strong pungent odor and taste was less then desirable
No flavor - super cheap tasting...pitched them out in the garbage!
Was not the right size
Tastes bad and is weak.
The worst chip beef i ever eat
Was underbaked so it took mold in less than 48hrs
This coconut water tastes terrible!  Please do not buy.
This is the worst product ever. Do not test nothing like passion fruit.
Omg these are nasty. Does not taste anything like turkey dinner.  Was disappointed.
The pasta came all smashed, unusable!
Hard to chew and not much flavor.  Maynards still the best.
I got a box full of glass and I cannot figure out how to get into contact with anybody about it.
I took a few bites and the rice filling was so mushy that I threw the rest out!
They came completely crushed. The chips and cheez its were all crumbs.  What a waste of money!
I found a clump of hair in a piece of the candy
Expired product, dated 11/21/17, 12 months from that date is expiration. Received this 11/23/18
Bought these as a gift and when they were opened the candy was old and nasty.
4 bags were already open, and the rest of the chips were stale.
BOUGHT IN OCTOBER IT WAS EXPIRED IN AUGUST  NEVER GOT AN APOLOGY.  ATE 2 AND IT MADE ME SICK.
My husband is used to drinking grass clippings lol but this drink is sooooo nasty even for him.
headline says it all
Not very happy with the taste of the product.
Too expensive for same number 4 from Wilton ... no recommended for buy this
The cake is okay with coffee. I am spoiled by the Collin Street Fruitcake which stands alone.
these truffles were melted when received
The product was damaged and opened. $8 down the drain.
Tastes disgusting and I want a refund. This brand sucks!
When I received the snacks they were all broken up. I will not buy again in case this happens.
flavor is not appealing, stick with real sugar
Did not meet my expectation
WET LIKE SOMEONE LICKED THEM AND PUT BACK IN PACKAGE. REAL STICKY N WET
No way!  I paid $33 for one box when it is billed as 6 boxes!!
Pop-Tarts shipped in a bag. I received Pop-Tart dust
Carbs are to high for a diabetic.
It is just not the same. The flavor is just gross. They tasted super stale. NOPE!
Only received one box, should be 6 total.
I got my box of coffee and it was opened and missing 2 k-cups. Only 10 in box.
It looked great, but most of the items were stale.  A real shame!
Sever flavors leaked in package I threw them all away to be safe
My kids like these decently enough
Very little ginger flavor. Less than $2.50 a bag at Walmart.
Terrible texture. Not very pleasant, will not buy again
Expect to receive almost expired chips.
Not a delightful flavor in baked goods
It was way to sweet and did not taste like mustard. Not worth the money.
Nobody in my family will drink it, it just does not taste good to us.
False advertising not 12 boxes - only 1 for the price  crazy6.5 oz
This does not taste good at all. I could not even force it.
The product was a can of crumbs. Not one whole piece.
I did not like the idea of all those insects defecating in the product.
Too hard, and once they finally ripened they went bad.
The box was already opened, and the bars were just thrown in carelessly.
The tea was ok, but it was over priced.
Not crazy about this cheese  I LOVE cheese but not this one.  Taste is not great.
Very small.  Pictures are deceiving.  Poor value for what I paid
This is expired that is why the great price. I think they should say that.
Would give 0 stars if could! Horrible taste and smell plus not able to return the product!!
Saw a drop in milk supply once I started eating these. Complete wate waste of money and time.
This is how it arrived mildew.
Cannot use it !! Does not look like pineapples anymore!!
Tons of crap in it  sugar and MESSAGE galore
I could not finish one bottle.
Very old and crystallized. Not fresh at all. Tiny and crunchy! Not worth the money.
I tried this and it was not delicious. Did not taste like much of anything.
Pistachios are supposed to be green, not brown.  Waste of money.
Did not receive a juniper bonsai. Disappointing Father's Day gift
Only after 1 week, a lot of blue mold In center
"5 lbs chocolate block from ""Willy Wonkas is Factory""."
Bottle was broken. I have used this sauce before and love it. That is why I ordered more.
I like bold, strong, rich coffee. This is not.
Way too sweet.  No heat at all.
cost per oz was quite expensive
Very flimsy. Poor quality.
way too sweet...no flavor,just sweetness
These are horrible! So sweet and the peanut butter is almost like wax.
Expired in April. It is May. Not happy
Seal came not even attached to the top of the container.
That I did not receive all of them
Value for money...terrible!
Tastes like garbage. Image putrid milk mixed with flat sofa and you will be relentless.
Trashy, unrealistic color. Do not waste your money
Terribly prices too way expensive You can buy this in asian market for only .50 cents per pack
I did not like the flavor my kids hate it
Both cans were badly dented. Appararently non returnable: Ripoff!
Smells wonderful but really does not give beverages a coconut taste. I was disappointed.
The box came in damaged with half of the drinks leaking. And cannot get a refund or replace it
Damage many different colors
Will not buy again . The worse mix I have ever tried
Every box was ripped open and damaged.  I will NEVER buy this again.
Did not like the thickness, too meaty .
Box was broken and cans were damaged.
It smelled really bad and had a brown coloring
It automatically shipped it self
The lid is not screwing, falls up every time.
I wanted to eat them to hard, or turned to dust just not beat product I give it a half star
Not great tasting; will not reorder
The size of the candy bar is ridiculous.
Sent Two weeks from expiration date
I really wanted to love this product... but we do not always get what we want!
Texture is gelatinous and thick, not like from Whole Foods. The vanilla flavor was fine.
Bitter, dry hard chewy pieces.  Might as well be chewing on a damp rag :(
Not sour at all it is just hard candy
The heat mints I have ever hadnot too strong.
It was okay.  I will make my own next time.
Product is stale. Disappointing! Xmas box? Should not have been sold to me!
"Arrived with no pieces larger than 1"". And we have had much better GF cookies elsewhere."
Stripes were messy. Very sticky, Disgusting.
Its taste is bad compared with Fiji Water
They she would leaves unbelievably fast like they are dead or rapidly going to die.
Gross gross gross The WORSE DARK blend ever And yes, I have had this brand before
These are horrible! A true rip-off. $20 for crap.  1 oz. Bags what a joke
Do not ever buy anything other then white cheddar
Taste super artificial it is not tangy & it is not that spicy sorry not sorry
Description said it comes with 8 packs and I only received 7.
Got 2 bags today as a Christmas gift and BOTH bags are MOLDY
Every single can is dented
After taste horrible .
Fairly big, fried up well.  They do not tell you about the heavy spices! Very hot!
I usually get them from Costco, but these came melted and stale. 
I had this plenty of times before the aftertaste is horrible.
After 2-3 short sprays it stopped working.
Like chewing leather or stale gummi bears. Wierdly sweet. They are not at all nutty.
1 of the 6 packages were busted open and spilled all over
This stuff is the best ever BUT the one I was delivered was out of date
Good flavor but the flow sucks. Takes forever to fill my cup. Savings not worth the hassle.
These are one of the worst tasting things I have ever eaten.
Was ok but not the besr
Very sweet and artificial tasting. Aftertaste for an hour after i used it. Yuck
8 found this a sticky mess, soft and mushy. I had no choice but to throw them away!
I love this brand of chips. However, this seller sold me a bag of open chips.
I only received one bag
I will never buy frozen food again as a delivery. $25 down the drain
I only got a lip balm from banana no tic tac
Great Flavor; I use it when making Spam musubi.
Poor taste and taste like tin.  I went back to my usual brand
They were moldy when I got them. I was very disappointed.
Good product. Beware of large shipping costs.
"We disliked that this food product arrived close to its ""best by"" date and that it was stale."
I DISLIKE THE  SALTWATER TAFFY BECAUSE, THEY ALL TASTE THE SAME, LIKE SUGAR!!!!!!!!
The bag seal was broken.
Cookies arrived crushed.
Used this product to make a coffee martini. Horrible. Do not recommend.
OMG this stuff is disgusting. Greasy thin fishy who knows what...
Flavor is terrible. Very disappointed.
The cups constantly over flowed and the grounds ended up in my coffee.
Site says price is 0.12/oz.  It is $1.20/oz.  This is ridiculously expensive
Do not buy these unless you want crumbs when you receive them, came in an envelope crushed
I did not like these.  I ate one and tossed the rest.
5.5 oz is a very, very TINY can. Compare size to any can in your pantry before you buy.
I would not recommend this flavor to anyone. It does not taste good at all!!!
Worst taste ever, discarded after trying 3 times, then too late for refund.
Not my cup of tea.
All plants where so damaged they did not survive replanting. Also they where all the same color!
This is a scam, they will send you one box when it says there are 5.
I ordered these a few days ago and they are completely crushed and not usable.  Big disappointment!
All 4 bars were melted and do not appear to be fresh.
Only sent one box not 3!
Weak coffee .  Specifically touted for French Press is not very good
I ordered this tea and I got batteries not tea 
We threw this away.  The flavor was horrific.
Horrible taste... nothing like Cotton Candy at all! Extremely disappointed in these..
Only received one tin should be two.
Was supposed to receive a pack of 4 and only got 1.
I have paid $51 for 5 bars to be delivered. Do not recommend.
Expired product:  Expiration was September 2015, I purchased this October 2017.
I found this to be boring and no hint of jasmine. Do not even enjoy as plain tea!
Bought 3 of these, straight to the trash, it taste just like dog food
This product arrived broken, leaked all over the box and was an absolute mess.
More like watery hot chocolate.
Very stale taste, out of date
They were all stuck together !! And stuck to the box .
not going to be using
These are SO gross do not buy
Really heavy on the cinnamon and does not really dissolve very well
IT S TOO EXPENSIVE. THE CAN IS NOT BIG
Everyone loved this brand.
Packet was broken & powder was spilled in packet.
You can taste the preservative.  I am really surprised.  I am just going to discard it,
Only came with 1 package..  say a 2 pack should mean 2 packages.
The entire box has a best by date of June 2019. They arrived in June 2019.
No Earl in this tea. A big mistake.
The candy appearwd
No expiration date and they taste old
It is not worth the money at all, too expensive.
food smashed...came in a mail envelope
Very disappointed with this purchase. For the cost I expected a better product. Very Poor Product.
Tasted bad not worth 20 dollars
Were not good.  Bad crop.  Hard and brown
They were stale !
All cans were dented and one variety missing.
What a bunch of wankers @ Kraft. They destroyed the best salad dressing of all time.
to be brutally honest i was disappointed that it is not at all sweet.
No flavor. Lousy texture
Horrible tasted nasty. Will not be buying again
too tiny, most broke when the package was opened
There was not #2. Ripoff for $24!!!
Hunk bars are generally soft and chewy.  These broke into pieces and difficult to chew.
Way too many carbs. They cannot count.  Not 1 net carb.
Tastes and smells skunked. So bad. Had to throw them away
Product was good
the honey taste good but the wax in it bad
My box came open, and food coloring spilled all over the box
Do not waste your money, I thought this would be amazing but it has a very strong oregano taste.
Does Not look like the photos. Practically unedible. Not worth it.
HORRIBLE would not buy again only received 3 pieces and the taste was horrible it was gone bad.
Way over priced for what you get not worth buying
Sell by date 12/11/19 Stale Crushed and crumbs. Uneatable
Most of the tails break when you try to remove them from the mold
Sucks the soul out of you...AMAZON
Terrible. Completely different than described
This package came damaged and I cannot even return it! I will be reporting this!
Tastes great but causes intestinal issues!!
This is misleading. It is only 1 individual personal size.
There was mold growing on my juice boxes and also they were leaking all over when I opened the box
These were super inexpensive and unedible. Disgusting
Stale and you cannot return them!! Not happy
Every time I check the price just goes higher and higher
They arrived broken with the product spilling out everywhere, so not great.
This is a scam! The tins are tiny. The pictures do not represent the product that arrives!
Came broken and missing a gem.  Looked to have been a return item.
Taste bad. I Can not eat them.  Kids hate too. Not valuable.
The flavor was not nice.
I only kept 6-7 of the pods and gave the rest away.  They are waaaay too sweet!
Absolutely ridiculous. Received these two days ago and they expire in 3 days.
Yes bags were all opened.
These are disgusting and mushy. I cannot even get my money back.
How do I get a replacement for a damaged item which says I cannot return but get a replacement?
The flavor is terrible
I ordered a paid for a pack of six and only received one!
Small can for $20!! Do not buy!
The bag was busted when it arrived. It has a bitter taste. I did not enjoy it.
Arrived all melted.  inedible!  $40 wasted!
I was getting ready to order these when I noticed they use aspartame as an ingredient! NOT good!
I am upset that I paid $6 more than what the product is actually worth.
Never even tried to cook.  Smelled too bad.
Leaks grinds into the coffee 
The product was opened in box when I opened it
The seal was broken and the inside is filled with mold
These suck. Thought was was getting the ones with no shells
Spend less and get fresh potato chips purchasing directly from middleswarths website.
Awfully small packet for $2. Was smaller than what was shown in pic.
Very disappointed about the freshness of the product.  Very bad
It was flavorless compared to other brands !!!!
Arrived with seal on plastic open.
These tasted terrible.
stale tasting and the bag falls apart after opening
This item spoiled within days of purchase.
Too much $$$$ for what you get!!
Just had several cookies that were broken.
Was stale when opened
I have no words to describe this.
Tastes very weak and watered down
Candy was not fresh.  Discolored chocolate.  in the trash they go!
Nasty tasting!  Took one bite and tossed the whole box.  Yuck !
The soccer players are too big for the net. Or the net is too small for the players.
Out of 16 flavors (80 count)...ONLY received 4 flavors!!! Will definitely not order again!!
1 package overpriced, can get 10 packs for a few dollars more.
The lid is taped shut. In what world would someone think this is safe to eat?
Not good. Rancid smell, not just stale.
kind of weird tasting
I suspect the product would be fine, but the package was delivered unsealed and open.
I bought a two pack but only received one.
Missing half of order. Bought 2 boxes only received one.
Way too sweet. gave away
Expired before it arrived
no where on packaging does it state that it is gluten free.
Price gouging! Sad to say!
Absolutely NO heat!!! FAKE beware do not buy..waste of your money!!!
Odd taste and weirdly artificial test, will not buy again
Horrible!  Do not buy! Hard little rocks.  No flesh
This bag of onions was delivered today. Most of the onions had mold on them.
I love cheese BUT these are terrible!!  Do not waste your money....not even worth one star
I found the coffee too weak.  Not much of a taste at all
This item was just awful. and way too costly.
Arrived melted and stuck together
The chocolate arrived melted and were not edible.
Pies came covered in mold, absolutely disgusted. Every one had to be thrown out.
The package says these are golden raisins, but they are the standard dark color.
Cans crushed took me awhile to get credit. Dealing with robots...
Liked the look of the product and the crunch, flavor was odd with a weird aftertaste.
Price is outrageous
I do not believe people actually like these... just bad
Fruit needs to ripen before canning
They were supposed to be $.44 a copy comes out more like two dollars and something a copy
They arrived completely melted. I was not able to eat them.
Tastes burnt. Really upset I bought a huge bag that will now be thrown out.
Was not a fan. Garlic was yuck  Sorry
They were all melted and the boxes squished...
The product does not look as advertised very small pieces and price very high
Most of the apples are rotten and cannot eat any of them. Really bad produce
Cannot even get it to mix! It is hard as a rock. Something must be wrong with this jar.
Way too sweet, too much like candy.
This product went out of date 2/10/23
I ordered Whole Bean coffee and received ground coffee.
Candy was melted .
We need to report this issue to government with the price is crazy
The product arrived hard as a rock and were inedible.
This has sugar already added!!! I would prefer to add my own 0 carb sweetener!!!
I did not enjoy these flavors at all!
Only one row. I felt played. I would not recommend or buy again. They were stale.
Our big bag was rancid!!  Such a waste of money!
These do not taste good
Best steak rub I have ever tried, and I have tried a lot.
Delicious, but ordered the 4 pack and there were only 3.
Way too much sugar  alcohol  misleading package
I would not recommend ordering, I never will again! I ordered the 3 pack and only received 1.
I disliked it was damaged and I was unable to try it.
poor quality- save your money
No recommendation.
flavor was ok but texture was not great i would not purchase again
These were dry, overrated Oreos!
Really blah...double blah because it comes in twos...
Taste is not a ginger. I cannot return either.
The after taste is awful I would not buy again I love Starbucks but NOT this
Came in they were broke the bottles glass all over the place unusual said cannot return.
This was very bitter tasting.
When opens the chocolate was melted. There is no return or exchange on this. It went waste.
Absolutely terrible, do not waste your money.
Watered down hot sauce tastes horible. All I can taste it the stevia gross
I thought I was buying a case of green chili not a can for $20! what a rip off!!!!
It was dead yeast
Pods break in two different machines and make a mess.
Its great that there is no sugar added but why did they have to add so much salt to compensate!
This candy tastes terrible.  The flavors are awful and there is a terrible after taste.
Did not like the chemical taste this gave to my pickles.
This was very disappointing. The taste of pastry is awful.
These are really really not good.
The item was way to small for the price it cost. Also it took way to long for it to be delivered.
These arrived expired in sept 2019 !!! Ate a couple Bags before I noticed 
Undercooked, mushy, and tasted terrible.  Very disappointed
Every can in the case was bent - had to give it to my fisherman friend for chum
$3.00+ per cookie !  I do not think so. Clearly not planning on selling many of these.
The products tasted like nasty chemicals. The flavor barely negligible
Does not like green tea, when you boil it appears red in color
This product quantity was too small, and the price too high.
These were horrible, hard and impossible to chew.  I threw the bag away.
Nasty and salty and impossible to make a patty yuck yuck 
I used this product Dailey for the Holy sacrament of communion.
Disgusting. Does not even taste like real coffee. What a waste of money.
Not worth the money they charge for it. Very disappointing to
This was supposed to be 80 count.  I received 36. What is up??
It is very stale. It is all bad
You do not get enough to make it worth dirtying your teeth for , making them extremely over priced
Weak. No hazelnut flavor. Still looking for a strong hazel nut.
These were like rubber. They were a present for my husband. We threw them out. Would not recommend.
Cheap taste not natural like other coconut waters, will not buy again.
Was all smashed . PLEASE SEND REPLACEMENT
Way too expensive for cereal that looks like Froot Loops and taste just like Froot Loops
The shells were not protected all broke up a waste of money
Hard to bite & chew. Krave is known for its chewy pork jerky, THIS is not it!
We only got 2 skittles mini bags! For the amount that we paid. Horrible. Do not purchase!!!
Only got to use one bottle. The other bottle arrived with a broken seal and leaked all over
Too expensive  In grocery you can find $3.50 one.
Should have read the recent reviews, came spolied.
Tastes like a dirty sock, but chews like cardboard.
Not a great flavor.  Get goya brand.
Product was VERY stale and went straight in the garbage!
Can was dented. Very disappointed.
Pretty tasteless... threw them away. Very disappointed!
Our package of sunflower seeds came full of bugs...yuck! I will never order from them again.
It is is supposed to be $ 8.00 do not buy this !!! $2.00 a box of 10. Only 4 boxes
Nuts are old and not tasty.
Unpleasant after taste.
I received this today and the pasta was crushed and all broken! Very disappointed!
They was awe full bad
Flavor is bland for the amount of sugar. Rather just drink water or eat real water melon
It tastes like spicy leather and that is not the only thing, it is texture is like an old sponge.
Horrible. Took a cpl bites. Went into trashhorrible 
No return and I cannot use!  Very upset- small businesses owner and I feel like I was robbed!
The best date is 12/10 and today is 12/19 and was just delivered. Need a fresh product.
The package was over priced for the size that I received
Arrived with a broken lid
the package was not vacuum seal at all, and the expiration date was 31/11/15. low quality
They taste like dirt.  Do not waste your money.
tasted like a piece of paper
Received the cookies which were completely smashed.
very spicy, for me no good to eat
Had less than 10 days before expiration date.
Most of the candy coating was broken away from the chocolate.
Nota tasty not fresh.  Not worth the money.
When Gumballs arrived, Half of them were broken and very disappointing and the way they looked.
Do not like the taste at all.
The jar was broke, I bought beef turkey and ham more then one for each box was broken
The can was dented in two places! Not small dents.
This product taste like chemicals! I love keto but I will never buy anything from this company.
Do not recommend- tasted like the smell of a wet forest
Every one that I tried was stale and tasted disgusting
The flavor is not hot nor spicy. It is salty. Do not buy.
I was sent a box that expires in September 21, I am considering returning it.
Cereal was outdated by years!!
Fat, sodium, carbs & sugar are much higher than advertised. Proteins are less than advertised.
Jars broken no returns or replacements
This stuff taste horrible would give it a zero star if I could
Refrigeration Required - Showed up hot.
The taste was sickening!!!
This stuff tastes like somebody left old berries in a bucket of water filled with batteries.
Took 6 weeks to receive and when I did finally receive them, they were dead.
My product came busted open all over the box. Cannot even ask for replacement
Expiration date was like two and a half months from time of receiving product!
Tasted like they were old. Will not purchase them again
Terrible taste and mouth feel. 
This all delivered CRUSHED like this! I would like a re-ship! This is HORRIBLE!
Trash, do not buy, you have been warned.
terrible quality and nasty after taste. would not recommend to others. way too sweet
Lacking flavor mostly tastes like horse radish Would not buy again. I threw it out.
I do not know what I was thinking when I decided to get taco shells shipped...
Had zero taste and basically dissolved in cereal as soon as milk was added.would not buy again.
I got because the reviews were so good! It is horrible tasting!
Not happy  at all Expiration  date 2017
i forgot to return it. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. VERY BAD!
So rancid you can smell it through packaging. DO NOT BUY. THEY WILL NOT REFUND OR RPLACE!!!!!
Very odd taste.  Not like rice pudding I am familiar with.
I really thought it would taste good. I was wrong.
Just black no glitter appearance and no way to attach stick
Awesome if you like the texture of chewing gum
Gum arrived broken and extremely expensive for the novelty.
Chips were stale taste horrible!
Nasty candy. Would not give this to my grandkids or any kids.
Plastic bottle, will never buy again
Disgusting! Would not buy again and it is not returnable. Low quality junk.
Very weak coffee.
We got peanut m&m bars instead of plain m&m bars.
Very poor quality
I brew with an Aero Press and this coffee  did not meet my standards. May be the brew method?
There was a bag of chips open in my box was not happy
So many were melted and dried  out that I did not even get to enjoy them
Item is not as shown, they are counterfeits.
Not candy canes. Totally different texture. It is like biting into a piece of wax. Stale taste.
A hand-crafted soda should not use HFCS, artificial flavoring or sucralose.
Available at the grocery store for a MUCH more reasonable price,
My kids refused to eat the,  so I tried one... and I understood why.
Did not realized they were very small
Not worth your money! So disgusting!
No reflection on the seller.  I just did not like the product
They were oily and tasted like nothing and were like chewing on rubber
Bitter  i will find another way to get my Tumerick overpowered the coconut flavor
Did not work on cake pop candy melts
Would not get again
Corn tasted stale and lacked crunch
There is a huge slice in the side of the envelope and my cider was not in the package
I thought packs were bigger and filled. With its size and content, you do not get what you pay for.
Did not expect small bottles.
The flavor does not agree with my palate. Something sweet and chemically enhanced.
Eggs were broken - cracked  Cannot use them
barbeque is too spicy and too dry
Do not waste your money on this buy Foster Farms.  Taste is very sad.
Chopped, pulsed tomatoes, barely any seasoning. Seriously lacked flavor.
Small baked round flavorless globs of flour
These goji berries were dried out and rock hard. They came from China! In the trash.
Rip off. Make sure that you read that there are only 2oz of candy in the package.
These snacks are a wheat flour based food and not made from pork skins.
Not enough oolong flavor
This came as a tiny single-serve packet for the price of a large, bulk bag.
It has heat witch is why I wanted to try it but the taste is awful.
I was excited about trying these. They taste old like they are old mixed nuts in the bag.
Product arrived melted and out of date.
Bread was not fresh
Very stale. Threw them out. Very embarrassed.
not enough sugar and butter misleading on the advertisement. to much soy.!!
It was delivered past it is expiration date
This purchase was not as good as my past purchase. Disappointed!
Arrived improperly sealed and dripping oil. Afraid to eat it.
This product tasted like mildew, similar to a corked wine. So bummed.
It tasted good.but was very small.I are all of it in one sitting.
Highly disgusted found little bugs crawling around in my turmeric will never purchase again
To ship something that is open is ridiculous
It was very hard. Have to throw it away..
The description said that there are 6 jars. I only got 1 in the mail.
Glass bottles broken. Two were smashed  Can I get a refund.
Crackers were smushed and broken
It was soo salty, will never ever buy it again !!!
box arrived with a broken seal and no way to exchange the product? 0 star app
After taking this tea I feel like my stomach is burning.
It arrived with no cap! Cannot use it.
Horrible. Went straight into the trash.
How the heck are dilly beans supposed to be sweet? They taste awful.
Did not get what was advertised-
Product arrived broken in mail package
Pistachios were not fresh
Found these to be salty even for a dry spice kit.
Disappointed.. the jars leak oil and smell fishy. I will not repurchase this product.
Product was expired when it arrived.
Do not buy!!! Was already expired when I purchased!!!!
The order stated that I would get  4 (FOUR) 26.5 jars for $38.00... I received only one!!!
TASTE WAS NASTY<THREW IT OUT
Seeds tasted stale, were very dry and crumbly, and were not very big. DIsappointed.
Item arrived week in half later whet it came the crackers were all powder
This tea tastes like dirt, no flavor
I received expired food.
This stuff is nasty, and I would never recommend it or try it again.
This was horrible!! Taking this back to Costco tomorrow.
Hearts barely visible.  Plants very small.
It say pack of 14. I got one candy bar.  Really $30.00 - disgraceful.
The apple Rotten. in twenty four hours.
My driver was fine but the box was opened and damaged
The flavor and texture was not to my liking.
It is cheaply made and broke while I was taking it out of package.
This is by far the worst tasting granola I have ever had.
ALL broken into pieces ,  It was not returnable so I made smoothies out of
The Animals are cute  but the sticks showed up broken and they will not let me return them. SCAM
i have tried sweet cream and cannot stomach it.
advertised as 16 bars..  only 15 bars in the pack..
Product came damaged. This was supposed to be a Christmas present.
This was a watery mess.  Still have not received my refund
Coffee bag was damaged and coffee grounds were inside of shipping bag.  Just lost $32.00
Do not recommend as the shelf life is too short. Wish I have had read the reviews first...
Does not blend into coffee and the taste is awful
Not much flavor and had brown potatoes in it.
All the chocolate was old and discolored.
Was not sealed and came in damaged
The taste was horrible. My grandkids would not drink it.  It has a bitter after taste.
The box was wet and the chocolate was white and hard. YUK
Not a good taste, very flat, and milky tasting
It was gross and left a weird watery layer on top. We threw it away.
Very unpleasant taste
Poor quality nuts. Stale. Will not purchase again
This Mint Sauce is not sweet and has a horrible flavor.  I do not know how it sells.
Said hot Cheetos above and it came a the reg crunchy ones. Talk about buzz kill
Big disappointment Should have taken consideration of our temperature !
The vanilla sweetener is great.  The chocolate has a nasty, nasty taste.  Do not waste your money.
received two of these today and one has a 12 day expiration, the other a 15 day. Should be longer.
the whole bunch only 5 were useable waste of money
Is too salty and rancid.
Hard as a rock. Had to throw out. Inedible-,dried out
Opened and stale
Dry and hard to chew on its own. Soaking in water helps but dilutes the taste.
Cookies were very stale and hard as rocks.
Absolute scam. Changed the description of the product after purchase.
not worth the price
Not sure if the batch I got was bad, but it had a strange bitter taste.
This taste like wheaties
Melted chocolate
Husband loves raisins but the bag was a lot smaller than expected
Tastes horrible. Trash.
I paid 50 dollars for this and they came in stuck together and melted.
it is not the same as in the photo that I did see, it  was old flowers
These were the worst banana chips I have ever had... no taste except oil!!
This sauce has a nasty taste and zero flavor. Will not recommend this to anyone
Arrived all smashed to pieces! They were USELESS!!!
I do not know if the one I received was expired or has something wrong.. but it tasted terrible
It is rotten and they will not let you return it!
Cannot taste anything but salt.  Ruins the food.
It was way too hard!! I lost a tooth
Disappointment.  Gummies are hard and hard to chew.
This coffee is disgusting. I wish to return it.
Clotted cream arrived broken.
I cannot eat 15 bags of chips in 6 weeks. Generally chips expire several months out.
Buyer beware: This contains caffeine
Gross, gross gross! Yikes! Will never order again. Taste like medicine.
Mango is the best flavor...  but it is nice to change things up once in a while...
This cereal was stale when it arrived.
Need my other 20 cans.....short 20!!
This is really tiny!
I grew up on this, and it just does not taste the same nor does it seem to make as much.
Just came boxed up  lard in bag melted all over my other items
Too much money for small amount.
thought it was too expensive for small amount of honey
Price was high for the value, very disappointing
"Did not know these were not ""compatible"" with the Keurig 2.0."
Candy was so hard a hammer would be needed usually its super soft not with this order
It is not syrup. Not thick it all. It is a water like consistency so it is very easy to waste
These are horrible.
Awful product. Missing 2 of the ingredients. And the pickle was rotten.
Worst stuff I have ever tasted.
These were supposed to be Starbucks Sumatra coffee pods.  However, these are not Starbucks brand.
Disgusting. Gave them to a food bank.
Did nothing for me. Flavor is super sweet
Many crackers were badly cracked to crumbs.
No energy like there is no green tea in it at all or just very little.
Not as good as the last bunch of jerky. Will not buy again. Could have been more crunchy.
Personally, I did not like the flavor.
Price was outrageous.  Size misleading.
Wish I had only purchased 1 bottle  tastes funky .. used one time  never again!
Product came ripped and sticky all over. Waste of money. Disappointed
Not nearly as fragrant as other brands.
They were gross dry and no flavor it was like eating cardboard
The cake Boss coffee tastes horrible!
2 of the pack was torn open
Bitter taste and leaves a horrible aftertaste
I expected fresh fruit. And the melon pieces are mostly tough rind.
These boxes were all bashed up and covered in nasty tape
The chips arrived in crumbs. Very disappointing.
Theses herbal candies were a disappointment. I hated the flavor, and ended up throwing them away.
The marshmallow tastes horrible! Tastes and smells like pee pants!
Tasted and smelled like cleaning products and not in a good way.
Season cardboard taste at best.
I received my order on March 11, 2022 and they had expired in December 2021.
Arrived with smashed bottle.  Olive oil everywhere.  No return or replacement possible.
This is how the bottle arrived Cracked and leaking Still waiting for  a response
Very dry. Not near as the quality I purchased at a retail store.
teribble and there is no option to return.  Bunch of BS i am going to
The candy was melted and all over bag and was not worth it
Product arrive rancid and stale.  Very disappointed because these are one of my favorite snacks.
Sadly, this product arrived completely melted and there are no returns.
Box was crushed and chocolates were ruined
The most bitter chamomile I have ever tasted. Cannot return. So disappointed.
Product contents did not appear as promised. Note the brown roses
I was so excited about this product until I looked at the ingredients.....not paleo.
These taste really bad. I did not like them at all.
Most of my gingerbread cookies were broken.
Even though the use by date was August 8, 2022, the product was rancid when received in May 2022.
Just freakin crumbs in each bag and too late to return now,ugh!
Your beets came to me rotten, they smelled awful, threw them out,very disappointed.
There was only 1 0f 4 boxes of 32. I am in shock!!!!!!!!!!!
I am not picky, but this is not good! Do not waste your $
Product is hard to put on cake, does not stick.
As per the description it is a pack of 6, but only one pack delivered.
It will not pump out anything
The add stated 4 boxes, I received 1 box
Dents in all can!!!!
Expected  a better quality product. Not up to the mark .
Expiration date on the bottle was only a few days after the day it arrived!  That is ridiculous.
Horrible coffee. Every cup had grounds all through it. Threw last two pods away. DO NOT BUY!!!
Garbage but atleast it showed up unlike the rest of my order
The plastic container was cracked and kernels were loose in the box.
Completely melted.
so sad.....no flavor.  Threw them away
Absolutely horrible  threw them away
i do not know why but i am allergic to these, maybe its the dates???
It was horribly chewy!
This would be a zero if it was possible. The box arrived with ALL of the avocados rotten!!!
They were huge and did not taste like cinnamon at all. They tasted like black licorice
Way to small, the size of a small coffee cup
They have no flavor at all ! Do not waste your money 
not enough for the price
Very hard.  Harder than normal for biscotti
It was not good... Tasted horrible... Hate I wasted $25 on it...
Awful taste!  The worst!
it used to be a good buy but the last to cases every can the chips were all smashed.
This product does not taste like the Bang that you purchase in a grocery store.
Tastes like fish gone south.  My dog will not even eat it.
Over half of these were crushed when I received them and was not allowed to return.
Smelt like it was fermented, did not even eat, straight to the trash
The worst old no one wanted it bad chocolate
I would like my money back because of the mold.
They were all broken 
I am a big fan of Reese but I do not know what these are they taste soapy I would not but these again
When I opened these cookies, they were all broken and in pieces.
Smaller that what the pic shows and not all the same size there like no flavor to them
Smells and tastes very chemical-y. Have to throw it out.
I had high hopes but this taste just like funny tasting instant coffee with the hazelnut.
This candy is old. Color is faded, and has the chalky appearance of expired chocolate.
My boy said that it was like eating a regular jelly bean as it did not offer any energy boost
They where stale  and some chips where hard not that fresh taste
Product was received within two weeks from expiration date.
Smells like a child has been running around in wet shoes with no socks on for a week.
I do not recommend, buy another product.
Handy- made for 20 oz of water  most every water bottle is less or more but not 20 ounces.
Blue is not what is shown in advertisement, very light blue almost white. Very disappointed!
Do not buy. Misleading. Not as pictured. How do I get a refund.
16 CANS of this, and ALL were flat!!! i can understand if maybe one or two, but ALL 16????
Most of the pasta arrived broken. Looked like a bike rolled over it.
They were stale. Bags had no air
Really salty, did not like it.
Too Sweet for me
This product melted before I was able to retrieve it from my driveway.
Very stale,expiration date one month from now.
It came opened and non returnable of course waste of money.
Not the Original Raqueta Miguelito No flavor nobody at home like it!!
Manufacture date was September 2022 does not expire till 2024 and it is completely dead
the taste was fake and not like any good chai I have had
Produce over ripe
I paid $14 for 4 packs of noodle
ALL THE CHOCOLATES ARE IN ONE PIECE!
Cookies came all melted together.
The Schokolade wars melted wars a whole piece i do not can used for my costumer
All the chocolate was at the bottom of the display
Great pumpkin taste but too dry to eat. Had to throw away
Enjoyed it. Good flavor
It taste like very old not fresh cashews.
What a waste! No flavor,  mushy. Just awful.
The candy was great but it arrived in a melted clump of stickiness. Purchase was refunded.
Worst tasting  energy drink I have tried. And I have tried many.
Disappointed. Made with palm oil
Horrible. Tastes like chemicals
Not a lot of flavor
Horrible miss interpretation. One can for the price of 18 cans. Horrible
Nasty tasting. Will not ever buy again!
Crappiest quality nuts ever.
The consistency is gross.  The candy falls apart in giddy chucks.
Terrible disappointment! Candy had melted and recongealed in one inedible lump
Could not eat, item was smashed.
Everything was torn when I got them.
description is wrong, not 10 bags!!! it is only one bag, not a case of 10.
Can not use. Unsealed food is Unsafe.
Do not like product at all. Not sweet and does not dissolve
Picked and delivered product that was 2 months expired.
PRICE PER CUP IS FALSE!
Nasty taste, seasonings are off. Strange consistency.
All the taffy was coming out of the packaging and stuck together. Had to throw the whole bag away.
came packaged loose, sorry enjoy coffee mate needed for trip, left these home .
Jar of tomatoes and some spices is not worth the money
Half of the box was mashed and most pods were exploded But the few unharmed were great.
Ordered 2 and both had been opened and 1 had a candy bar missing.  No return policy.
They taste so so bad, avoid.  There is no way to describe the taste except inedible
I would not order this product again. 4 out of 6 cans were dented. Very disappointed.
This batch of coffee is awful. Bitter and upset my stomach. Would not buy again
These are truly disgusting!
It is sweet but still not a good taste. No flavor other than that.
Just got this and there is a HAIR inside the package. No option to return or exchange. Gross.
I love this chocolate but my box was received with 2 rows melted & only 4 pieces edible.
I ordered 2 dozen for my son's birthday party. All 24 were broken! Do not waste your time!
Not as much flavor as the salt and pepper pistachios.
These remained spongy on the inside despite long frying.
Every strawberry was half white. I have never seen organic strawberries like that.
It is thick, almost syrup-like. Kikkoman is still unrivaled, I AM GOING TO... Flavor is just off.
Clearly this candy is old.  Next time I will buy directly from manufacturer.
Look like someone drove over it with a truck
"DO not like the ""things"" which are NOT nuts.  Do not like the seasoning on the nuts."
This was the worst pizza I have ever eaten.
These beans smelled and tasted burned.  I had to throw them out because they were undrinkable.
Ordered smores for my coffee and received orange.... cannot return. Highly disappointed.
Great brand bad price
Whole bag was stale. Had to trash it.
Not only did order arrived a day later than scheduled, contents we are broken open.
this was a replacement for a package that never showed. however, tastes nothing like juicy fruit.
I cannot even taste the hazelnut flavor! Worst I have ever had!
Used grocery shopping once.  Very poor quality produce.  Will not use it agsin
Product is expired , stale and trying to request a refund or new product.
Taste processed - back to brewing from scratch.
Price would be good if the product had good taste.
They arrived all broken
weird taste and texture
Just did not like the flavor and texture
Unfortunately these did not work. I tried several batches & they just do not work.
Great products, deceiving store listing.
Disliked that I wasted money on it
This has no vanilla taste or smell at all. It is very bitter.
Excellent chocolate, poorly written and falsehood advertising.
The taste is very weak, I cannot taste the coffee at all, I am so disappointed.
There was rat poo all over my box and and around the k pods. Absolutely distrusting.
The tea did not arrive but 2 packets of tumbler lids instead!
Almost inedible.
Tastes terrible.
The bag was open and candy was missing!
I was hoping it would taste and be as strong as the regular coffee. Not that tasty.
The other flavors are ok, but the watermelon borders on pathetic. Little to no taste at all.
95% of the seeds do not grow.
Product came in poor condition. Looks like it is been living on a shelf for a hot minute.
This spice had a chemical taste. I threw it away.
On the back sticker it says it may contain lead.... a big no no for me.
Very disappointed.  Too dry.
This is terrible. It taste awful. Do not buy
This soup taste horrible to me!
Very disappointed not a good product for the money I spent
Way to expensive for the taste.
half mungs did not spout other half rootten  waste of money
Terrible, plus leaves a horrible after taste.
they changed the formulation recently. Now too chemically and undrinkable
Bought for my younger sister for Christmas. Arrived late and stale.
Green tea was black
These really do not keep fresh, and I felt like they were stale before I even opened them.
It is extremely sweet! 12 grams of sugar in a small jar!  Worse sauce I have ever had!
Not good court quality.
3 of the products came in busted and sugar was coming out of sides of box
It is all melted! Cannot enjoy it any more
Got 2 different ones for my kids and they hated them.
This tastes like cardboard and ends up the consistency of wall paste. No flavor at all !!
honestly i do not like it. I ate a small piece and discarded the rest.
Could not get the pods to function
They fruit never fresh.apples had brown spots on every single one
They took a lot of time to reach me and then they were melted
Zero scent...just a bag of pinecones....
The project was listed as 6 ten kcup packs. This is ONE pack of 10 for $13!!!!!
When I recieved the Nutiva Coconut Oil, it was aready rancid.  I was very disappointed.
Bought it for a gift.  The person did not like/want it even though they love coffee.  
product was abotu to go OLD
There were supposed to be 12 boxes. Only received 1.
Was not fresh old candy all stuck together
Supposed to be SOFT but were hard so will not be getting from Amazon again.
They taste awful! Nothing like cherries. Do not waste your money.
Just does not taste like real seamoss and have not had the same benefits like other brands !
Crumbs !!! All shake will not order again
No much Flavours. Not as good as real coffee
It tasted like it was stale.
Rancid and Amazon does not take returns?!?!
Sadly these were very stale and had to be thrown out.
Tasted nothing like dr. Pepper. Strong artificial sweetener tasted.
Not as advertised, completely different product as pictured...and it sucks. Do NOT buy.
These taste like wax with a hint of sweetness.
This was a gift and ashamed to give it the way it looks so faded.
Overripe. Bad taste. Overpriced.
Way too salty. Was disappointed
i did not order this or I accidentally ordered it
Tastes HORRIBLE nothing like coke or Pepsi DINT BUY IT
I did not like that cookies are crushed and in pieces. Bummer!
Lychee flavor is absolutely disgusting.
This flavor was horrible personally. No money guarantee or return policy.
Not Edible. Old and steal. Very disappointed. Bad gift for any occasion.
Expired Products
Obviously these boxes had to be trashed
I will NEVER buy this again.
too many artificial ingredients, i thought it said Stevia and its not/
Will never buy again. Tap water is better and cheaper.  BEWARE!!!!!
Almost every chip was broken in to little peices.  I will be looking for another vendor.
Was not good at all and tastes fake not good  enough to buy it even in my life again 
Did not work with my 2.0!!!!
I ordered a 6.6 bag and this bag is 6oz...and no new flavors in it.
Only received one flavor, not the assortment shown.
Was expecting 4-six packs, not 4 bottles!! Rip off!!
Almost every clove was rotten. We will buy local from now on.
kids opened and tasted and said it was odd.  Exp was jan 23, but tasted stale and had an off smell.
Too expensive for such small product :(
Taste and texture is way too much like cardboard!
It was soggy and disgusting. It is so gross. But everything else was good except the dough.
All of them are broken into pieces!
These tasted awful. A cute idea that fizzled. I threw them out. Colossal waste of money!
Was hot and melted when arrived
Very different than what you get from fresh cut potatoes and onions.
It arrived in a gross state, see pic
Expensive, disgusting, 1/2 cup serving size.. LOL. This is literally trash.
I understand its processed cheese in a can, but it is August come on man!
I am so sorry, i really could not tolerate the taste 
One tiny can of evaporated milk and was supposed to be multiple pack.  Expensive and absurd.
The icing is problem. My  house bring the roof down
Overpriced and disgusting flavor.
This prod us was great. But if you eat 2 handfuls you will have diarrhea in about 30 mins after.
The broken pieces did dissolve and make tasty hot chocolate.
Received an open package with one in it not two!
Came in a box that was leaking. Packaging looks sketchy. I am afraid to drink them.
Cannot drink sweetened coffee
Was soft when I opened it after one day of receiving it
Are tasteless, not fresh.  I am sorry I cannot return
Bought this for a Father's Day gift, the sausage was rotten and smelled bad.
Tastes terrible, wasting of money
Sweet but did not taste like peach at all.
If i want a burn taste i can just drink bad community coffee
Nice flavor but got molded after 2 days had to trow out
It arrived broken
Absolutely terrible.
Does not taste like lychee, tastes like pear  juice which is the first ingredient.
Family members complained cookies were stale!
They were OUT of DATE... HORRIBLY RANCID Unfortunately NOT returnable to Amazon
These were horrible...the bagwas open and they were all over the box.
Not worth the money
Too expensive for low taste profile.
This batch is so so bad. Must be old.
I personally disliked the slave different flavor cheese
The sponge candy was brick hard and completely inedible.  Such a waste of money!
I notified you that the Pineapple bottle had leaked and did not hear from anyone
I was short changed! I was supposed to receive 10 boxes but only one arrived!!!!
Do not buy this.  On top of everything else, it cannot be returned.  Bad business.
Also impossible to get a slice that is not stuck together
Many brokern pieces and they are cloudy looking
Did not like box was opened and re taped and quality was short.
This is so small
Bag shown for 1 pound bag says 120 pieces,  what was shipped has less than half, 48 pieces.
CANNOT RETURN!!!  TRIED ONE & THEY ARE GROSS!!!
bland flavorless should have ordered the porchini instead
Item was expired.
Cake was dry, icing heavy and overly sweet. I would not recommend.
they were stale cookies
Came crushed yet when tried to return would not not take it.
Not a juice. It is a cocktail. I thought I was getting juice.
Too sweet and too chewy, like rubbery. Not for me. Will not waste my money again.
All 4 jars delivered shattered and salsa all throughout the bag.
Very disappointed....lousy taste and consistency. Beware....you cannot return them!
Hi.. 4 of the cans r half full  and never been opened. Very disappointing.
I did not enjoy the flavor of this K Cup. It has a strong artificial sweetener flavor.
Do not waste your money so incredibly small
Got it for acne. Did nothing
The best buy date is 1-3-23. I received this on 1-17-23!
unable to open 4 of the cans
I am not sure how the product is because it had broken glass in it
These looked like they were shipped from china and tasted like cardboard.
Product spilled all over packaging. Completely EMPTY upon arrival. No returns.
The stick was curved/bent. Cheap stick.
This drinks are ordered for my parents only receive 3 empty boxes in a big Box
Do not buy! They taste horrible and are hard. I ate one and could not eat anymore.
It gave my mother diarreah.
They are really cute. But some were broken when I received them. Please send a replacement!
Did not try...delivered leaking and may be soured....also not eligible for return.
"They came with a ""best by"" date of January 2021. I think that should have been advertised up front."
This coffee is a very watered down version of Starbucks.
Tastes like lavender scented hot water. Cannot taste the lemon at all.
The product was bigger than I thought it would be. The cutouts look too big for cupcakes.
It is not a Stay Fresh can.
Arrived melted together. Such sadness.
Every time I have ordered this, they are slimy
Well, these were just about one of the most disgusting things I have ever consumed.
Extremely small package. I was expecting more product, especially for what I paid
This tea is not flavorful.  Very disappointed.  Cute presentation.
No flavor and tastes burnt.
We bought it to pop for a school project and it did not pop.
The tomatoes had furry white mold inside of them. I was disgusted!
Tastes like cardboard.  Extremely hard & dry. You have to have a drink near to eat them.
Flavored water for a minimum of $3.75 a bottle. It is a rip off.
Love the drinks, they came busted open
The flavor is nothing like the brand you buy in the store.
I was disappointed with this product. The flavor is not at all like chili I am used to.
"Arrived with ""slit"" in vacuumpack with some beans out."
They were definitely a value
This tastes awful 
No taste at all. Might as well eat paste.
Worst  quality. Molding Never buy it I returned  it
Sellby date 10/23, these are old stock
Totally stale. They do not have the cereal marshmallow texture at all.
The cans were half filled with mandarin oranges and half with liquid.
Chips were delivered yesterday and already expire at the end of the month.
The product had several cans crushed in it or empty.
Only one pack was sent, not 8.
Arrived mostly molded
Received my package claiming this was in it, and it was not. Very disappointed.
I did not like this at all. Does not taste like passion fruit, and has a weird minty after taste.
You do not get what is pictured
Absolutely DOES NOT have a chocolate mocha taste I do not recommend
Stale. Not fresh at all
Not good at all. Do not buy.
Looks cheesy not what I expected
Terrible taste and consistency. Way too expensive too
Almost every sucker in the pack was completely cracked
drawers were stuck and i could not get them open.
This gum is hard and stale waste of money so disappointed
Was not up to expectations . Does not taste like true British bangers
Only got 1 6pack for $16. What a rip off.
This is the most disgusting excuse for Salt Water Taffy, it should be called Salt Taffy.
"Meh. The flavors were very similar to each other. My bag contained mostly ""orange"" yuck flavor."
Too expensive for what received.  Two shpimento and still had leaky package. Will not order again.
It is smell spoil
Liked the flavor but it is much too expensive.  MUCH TOO!,,,,
The top was broken when it was delivered.
This broke befoe I could use it.
This was not Genuine label and description given in ad was false
"nothing but scraps. most pieces 1/2"" or smaller . very few 1""+ pieces"
I would say no. It does not taste good no matter what you mix it with. I am trying something else.
Do not buy this gum . Its stail  and the price went up
Looks, smells, and taste like a dog treat.  Disgusting!! Ended up giving it to my dog.
Worse protein cookies i have tried! Never again!
Somewhat stale and way too saltly
soup, old product
Had a spoiled taste. Awful
This cinnamon has wood chips in it! Disappointing!
Absolutely disgusting. Tastes very stale. This is not how tom yum tastes.
Cookies came in pieces and crumbs was very disappointed but they did tastes good
All stuck together. Tough to chew, like pieces of leather. Terrible product
Not the normal flavors.
This was trash do not waste your money like I said
This is only for 6, not 12 like all other suppliers.  Beware!  I am returning.
The crackers received were not fresh
The taste was not like the flavor. Chemically taste.
Terrible value for what I got. Not fresh at all. In fact many turning brown.
Most disgusting soup I ever had.
Very small, tiny amount.
These were really stale I cannot get my money back for this product.
This stuff is terrible. I am not a picky cereal eater, but this stuff taste like laundry detergent.
It did not taste good. In fact, it did not taste like Chai at all.
It was melted, big mess, not one survived and it was not cheap!
Some of the pods exploded in my Keurig, what a mess!
Does not taste right, hard and stale...loses flavor very fast.
Went down sink drain. SPOILED!!!!
This product is too expensive and the cookies are dry will not order again.
5 of 12 cans badly dented and I cannot get a refund of return?
Do not waste your money in this product.
Bought specifically for the pump that was supposed to be included and did not recieve.
Seal broken and jelly on wrapping in box
Overpriced garbage. Like the vast majority of these gimmicky gifts
Not good quality
They came broken
"They are not ""puffs.""  They are hard candies."
Several packets broken open...  mayonnaise and ketchup everywhere.
THEY CAME ALL IN SMALL PIECES.
As the title says
Candy was melted together and hard as a rock. Had to purchase elsewhere to prevent injury.
The jar came open, and only 2/3 full, also bad smell and yellow in color!
Cracked jars, product leaked out. I would like refund or replacement.
Package arrived completely destroyed and the contents ruined.
Hated the taste!
Too hard to chew not much flavor. Do not recommend
this has to be a mistake, this way your paying over $6.00 a jar
Way too much pepper for me.
It  does not tase like cinnamon. Horrible quality.  And it is not available for return. Yuck!
Super dry and crumbly
obsene price for single pack.thought it was a case.
Cannot taste the cinnamon.
Not good. Followed instructions but it did not turn out well. Would not buy again.
Everything tasted like stale strawberry.
Product was melted into a single mass and rehardened
Moldy on arrival
Not fresh- we threw them away
Not very flavorful. Very doughy, unlike others I have tasted.
Only used twice.  Burns my throat
Gross chemical taste.
They tasted horrible...
$17 for 1 can!!! That is rubbish. Also the breadfruit was starchless, not at all good.
Thick and brownish in  color a
Expensive drink without any type of feeling the buzz ZZZ. Do Not waste your $$
The tastes were terrible!
Some of the jelly bursted when I got the bottle.
Did not even use it, modified stuff - read the ingredients
One of the worst flavors for popcorn.
Disappointed horrible never again
Was so gristly.  Inedible.  Ruined my meal.
Showed to house melted
Candy was very hard.
Is Safflower not saffron *Scam stay away
Horrible,  cardboard box with crinkled paper fill. Plain ribbon. Embarrassed to have sent 3
For my taste not the pimento cheese that I am accustomed to
"I did not like this ""dark roast"" coffee.  It is weak and unpleasing."
I usually like this but this package is old and stale.  The seseme seeds were on the rancid side.
Coffee did not stay fresh - works as good as a jar would - over priced canister
If this is medium roast, light must be brown water. So disappointed.
This product used to be good. There is something off about the recent stock...
practically tastless...will not buy again...it was on sale and now i know why.
The tin will not stay closed so they dump out all over my purse.  Will not order again.
I am usually a big fan of meatless stuff,  but this is awful.
Do not waste your money. Advertising is misleading.
Came melted together
The worst tasting pickle ever. Just awful. YUK...YUK...YUK!
Too much salt and oil, weak on flavor. Better pesto available from real brands.
Arrived completely melted... This was sent as a gift and arrive inedible.
Gross, tastes nothing like caramel or sea salt, more like weird unsweetened coconut date balls
Only worked for two months in the Keurig 2.0. Threw this thing in the trash.
It smells like gasoline and other chemicals it is disgusting and it does not even work
Should have used ice pack product melted.
Not a picky eater and this made me gag.
Very little flavor appeared to be old and close to expiration date
The description says 12 count case, but I received only 1 small bag of jelly beans
Very bland absolutely  horrible  water tastes better do not was your money
This jar  came complete runny with maggots In jar.  I feel ripped out at price I paid
The bag came with a rip in it. So not fresh
This item arrived melted and stale.
We had maybe six or seven of these and then through the rest of the box out it is not very good
Tea not freash.  Disappointed.
It is expired. You guys come on. Be aware of your product. This thing is not cheap
Many are black and have crystalized hard teeth breaking things inside the puffs
The product is fantastic Unfortunately, the quantity was 14 items short then what I purchased.
I purchased organic and this is what I got
Dry, taste stale and do not taste good at all.  I am sorry I ordered.
Cute but nothing stops it from dropping more then one item out of it.
I threw it away it was all melted please give me a refund..Thank you
Onions used in a salad. Both my husband and I got sick after eating. I threw them away.
I am not a picky eater and I did not like these.
Really poor quality. Too many impurities will make you feel like you are eating sand.
Wanted a refund, but item can not be returned
Did not know that I needed to get nicotine as well thought it came with it
there was several candies that were open, and honestly does not seem too worth it.
This stuff is Hella gross. Too expensive for a tiny can of nastiness.
This must be a joke because I received ONE pack, not 8 as described.
Product too close to expiration date-did not taste fresh. I got complaints from office staff.
90% of bottles are broke
Does not taste like pho, aftertaste is horrifying, I wanted to puke after eating 2 bites
I do not like this!!very thin and small
I will never buy this brand again
DO NOT BUY! has a very bad and artificial taste, very low quality
It arrived in a big clump. It was melted
Can we are popped open.  Oatmeal everywhere.
Full of MESSAGE and its cousins (hydrolyzed corn, wheat and SOY gluten). MESSAGE HAS BEEN ADDED.
Would be better off buying Lipton.
do not buy this its gross
Very hard to separate the two connected teabags without a tear.
Not up to my taste standard.
Cannot believe you would even considering purchasing.
Awful it tasted sour and metallic... do not waste your money
No individual flavors but they are pretty enough.
Most of my containers were busted rice was everywhere!
One of the packages arrived with a really big hole and the powder was everywhere.
Took a bite had to spit it out. Some kind horrible chemical like taste
It is very upsetting that I ordered 12 packs (2 boxes) and only received 6 packs (1 box).
Product arrived damaged with contents leaked
The product does not taste good, it has junk ingredients, and it is overpriced.
I threw them away
Was scratched and torn. Given no option to return.
Not worth the price.  Overall flavor was ok. Not great.
The artificial sweetener is very strong.
Bad flavor and terrible texture  Would not recommend this product
I normally love this product but the one that came today was filled with liquid and not creamy
Did not taste like real chocolate and cost too much.
They were dried up and brown with fur. Not buying again.
Not what I was expecting wrong label and its not low carb. Really dissatisfied.
It was not an 8 pack as advertised.  On 2 different orders for the product only 1 box arrived.
They came in completely melted.  Had to get refund.  Very disappointed
Package came punctured, wet, moldy.
Was hoping to replace popcorn with this but not worth it.
Product arrived damaged and honey leaked everywhere! Really upset
3 cans is all you get for 39.00 plus shipping and handling  I was mad as hell
The jar arrived with the lid not secured and jam everywhere.
I made taco meat out of it it was disgusting. The texture was terrible.
This salts smell so bad and give you run, do not buy it
Complete order not shipped. I ordered (4) 12 packs and only received (1) 12 pack.
0 stars. It tasted like oil . It was dry. Had to throw away the whole box.
Not great and I usually like fruit leathers
This was way too expensive for what is was and the amount you received
Water down and definitely not worth the money...
NOT ALL THE FLAVOR THAT WAS ON THE BOX WAS IN THE BOX
Tasted nothing like a regular tortilla.  Just awful.
I order these parm crisps monthly but these were inedible
Most of thr bags were stale inside this box. I love this popcorn and was disappointed
got the 5 cans in 11/19/2022 and best by 12/17/2022, only 4 weeks of shelf life?
3 and 1/2 lb of cooked noodles is only like a pound of actual noodles. Scam.
cap on bottle broken  A1 sauce drained out  Not usable
4 pack for 20+$ no thanks
Kind of tasted stale and chewy
Got it today but it has only 3 month to be expired.  It cannot be returned?
Fun to try once but will not buy again. Flavor is not great: I will stick to cliff bars
The product is hard to dissolve in my coffee abs the taste is not good either
Completely ruined my cake.. No mango flavor at all, smells weird. So disappointed
Why would you even buy this..
TERRIBLE.  Looked awful when I seen the pictures of them.  Was a gift.  Never again.
Flavor and quality are top notch
Biscuits arrived almost out of their 'best before date' and tasted stale.
Most all of the cans were significantly damaged!!! Very upset! Wonder if they are safe to use!
I do not likethe taste of this of creamer
The house were flooding  and never have the product
So they swapped out the macadamia flavor for this? No way. Not a great taste for me
No flavor. Not like any other ashwaganda tea I have had before. Just colored water.
I hated the taste and the price was too high gor a small container and I could not return the item
My grandkids like it but it is more for babies.
Terribly watered down and weak. There is certainly something wrong with these.
way to thick to eat
Tastes horrible as if it is very old!!  Do not buy!
Good but too expensive
DID NOT GET THEM
It was supposed to be a birthday gift but it looks like a box of trash
Too much preservative that has an after taste.  Too expensive and not a good value for your money.
received  package...broken and liquid leaked all over.
Product appears half eaten
Does not work for my nespresso machine.  Pods get stuck.
Product arrived all melted and stuck together TOTAL MESS would not order again from this company
The candy was all stuck together. It was awful.
Bag came flat no air, stale, nasty flavor I spit it out and threw it out. Waste of money.
Nasty could not drink it at all no matter what made me sick to my stomach
Received the Crackers were all crumbled!! Dissatisfied
That package came damaged and a cut all the way through the bag
5 months expired
These were horrible tasted very old right out of the bag do not buy these
/sarcasm/ Thank you for opening it for me. /sarcasm/ I would not mind if it was not half-empty.
80% of them were yellow and cannot be ate. Waste my money and time. Maybe just unlucky
It tasted disgusting, do not buy it.
just box 12 boxes from local gro. store and only paid 3.14 per box of 12
It was not sealed
This tiny packet made 1 very weak cup of coffee
It was spoiled when I received it
I had to throw away.  Was not good at all.  I had this cheese in Paris and this is not it
Product was a year out of date, old and crumbly.
Has a funky taste and not returnable
Do not buy this they made me so sick they might make you sick very sick to your stomach badly
Disappointed in the presentation. Snacks were crumbled, not a great variety just disappointing
it was smooshed and all crumbs
The bottle spilled all over the box
Regularly arrives almost stale and is hard as a rock inits wrapping within a day.
Garbage. Worse than Russel Stover. Save your money!
Too sweet and too brittle
This is the worst candy tasting I have ever tried just my opinion
poor quality control. came split open and cannot return
Box arrived with about 40 whole candy canes.  The rest were in peices.
Some of the pieces were spoiled.
I did not receive the 12 in a pack as expected, instead just 1 small package arrived.
Arrived the next day after ordering already inedible due to all the mold.
Waste of money and time does not taste like pumpkin spice at all buy something else!
Not Orbit White at all. Very deceiving.
It has a bad taste. Strange texture. Is waiting patenting. Ick.
Zero flavor Pass on this product
This hazelnut does not smell like my other Torani Hazelnut Syrup. It is smells old.
These were either old or just a bad batch. Chocolate would not melt properly.
Never buying again, poor quality
Stale and outdated
item very small and poorly made, has several paint defects, would not buy again.
It was so salty I could not eat it. Before you try it please check the label. 40% salt. Unheard of!
Good quality for the price except the taste is awful.
If you want peanuts buy peanuts--because that is almost all you get.
The flavor is just not for me.
This tastes like nothing+fish flavour
Little flavor and did not like the consistency. Gave them away.
It is an option for low carb, but honestly very dry and flavorless. I would not buy again.
they are old and stale , not fresh at all
The ingredient list shows LACTIC ACID.  This is not vegan - do not believe the label
I am drinking this for me to sleep, it is useless I do not recommend
The flavor leaves an artificial after taste.
I must be used to rice from scratch, this product has no body and no taste.
Very salty. Could not finish a pack.
grosss, one of the packages was all fuzzy inside....
No flavor Not a value for the cost
Greenish & bitter. Not recommended.
They are hard and stale. Non edible.. had to trash smh
This is packaged as medium but was so hot that even my heat happy brother-in-law would not eat it!
Very old, out of date. Should be a crime to sell this.
They were too sweet .
One of the boxes was missing a whole packet of mix.
Nope was not fresh I gave as gifts never again so many complaints
Tastes awful. Does not blend well  taste-wise for smoothies
Supposed to be 40 count and only got 34. Shorted me 6 bags.
The post seemed misleading now. It is just 3 bags. Not what I expected.
These cultures did not activate and it is not eligible for a replacement.
Rotten, putrid, fusty. I hope birds and animals nearby enjoy it. Not for human 100%
crushed all to hell.
Taste like wax, hard as a rock
Place of origin is China! Was going to return but they did not require it to be sent back.
Came early..spoiled No good..wary of another try. 9
I expected it to taste better.  I am not a fan of cold oatmeal so this does not work for me.
These are so good, but this is SO OVERPRICED. 1 box is only 200 in Japan which about $1.25
got variety pack instead of sour cream and onion six pack that was described.
Lie covered in  MS G
They were stale and not good quality the chocolate was discolored. Would not buy again
DO NOT get these boxes. I got all triscuit no wheat thins.
Very bruised sad looking bananas. Also I only got one set when I ordered two.
Although the lollipops were nice they arrived shattered.
Horrible taste. There are better products like this out there
Thought it was crushed tomatoes not completely liquid
They were both expired and leaking
Not sour at all! Waste of money!
It states 6 jars for $25 I received 1.  Buyer beware.
cracks and crumbles if you try to fold. Texture is like construction paper
Live bug in package... not even opened! Unable to receive a refund!!!!!
Moldy, mushy, spoiled. Is there any quality control at WFM anymore?
Tasted like cardboard.
I would have paid more to receive cans without dents, they can lead to spoiling....
This is why I bought two. I knew one of them was going be broken.
First review in my entire living .. that should tell you enough.
Did not get to try it.  Bag had hole in it and corn spilled out in box.  Cannot be replaced.
Very upset. My wedding is in 5 days!
This candy was hard and had no flavor.  It was old.
Product tastes unnatural and is not as sweet as homemade royal icing.
It says sweet and hot jerky and I received plain beef STICKS
Best before 2020 Au 12? did I receive expired product?
Did not see the warnings glad I lived.  Do not know if I will risk more than 1 at a time
I received 144 cups of Arequipe.  Tastes great, unfortunately all 144 units expire in 12 days.
This is sugar powder, there is no vanilla in it.
Bitter, not at all sweet. Huge waste of money.
Did not serve its purpose
It was like oil no mayo. I will not be buying this product again..
Bottle size great, price fair, taste I did not like!
Good low fat chips but they were smashed to bits during the shipping process!
The taste of the watermelon flavor is terrible. Normal water tastes much better
Very salty and it smells like a opened can of tuna
The bag came in crumbs.  Very disappointed as this was part of a Christmas present.
Bought these as stocking stuffers. When we opened the product it was covered in mold.
Gave me horrible digestive issues....  Warning.....
Completely rotten and full of fungus.
Do not purchase not very tasty waste of money
This was not red rose tea - it was Avery distressed box of tetley
Only received 2 bags when the item says I would receive 3 bags!
Brought this for a gift and was told it was disgusting and inedible. What a waste.
Would not buy again. Crackers stale.
This coffee was terrible tastes like cheap coffee
Item was only one pack of Farro, not 4
Definitely not worth the money. They tasted stale.
Do NOT purchase. Tasteless.
DO NOT BUY!!Very misleading! This is a scam for sure. And you cannot return
This product came to me 2 months expired.
I just made bread and it is very heavy and bland. I wish I could return the other packages
Horrible product it is questionable smell. Threw it out.
Purchased 2 bottles- Upon arrival, the expiration dates were already past so they are not usable.
I wasted my money on this product!
Not like any pom juice I have ever had. Smells bad and tastes worse. Any no refunds
This coffee is extremely weak and without notable taste
Very very stale. Date on the crackers says 1999!!!
Horrible product! No sheen or glitter at all!
The coffee did not taste as good as I thought it would.
Box was broken and open when delivered
The product itself is good. But the $3,000 vet bill was not.
Old, rotten. Had to throw them out
when added to water, these taste like water with an orange wedge in it.
Wrong list of ingredients on the Amazon page. Returns not allowed
Arrived molding and NO way to make a return or refund!!
All shakes were chunky and gross
Absoulty terrible
poor quality.  poor texture.  poor taste
So, so, so tiny.
Delivered crushed
Dislike the whole damn thing was open when I received Trash!!
I only received 1 package but said description says 12 packs. False display.
The tub was mostly filled with meringue dust when I received  it ...
I would like a replacement but it will not let me both of the seasonings I ordered came broken.
"If you want more ""Candy"" than Almond, this is for you!!!"
Came in all melted could not  eat through away
They are not sour at all.
These things go bad way to fast, when I received it I only had a week left before the best by date
This tasted terrible.
Cookies arrived damaged and stuck to each other
This product came damaged. Come on man. 
Package came damaged. All corners were damaged and the opening was ripped open already
Would love a non-dairy sesame bun!
Pump did not work due to product so thick it barely pours
It tasted god awful which i would not mind if it did anything. Had zero effect, do not buy it!
very thin and runny
horrible tasting
Too sweet and artificial fkavored
Very dry and started to mold after 2 days in the fridge
Had to press hard. Barely colored
Product was all melted and stuck together.  I will not order again.
Snack. Very small package for the price
The price is crazy high
Hopefully no one ever buys this product again. Look out not what was advertised
Not the best flavor
The tea can be steeped a long time and it is tasteless.
Made with sugar;  and other sweeteners
These are horrible not a good grape taste
Check them I order these for my nephew school and there where lil holes in the packages and ants
Way way to expensive for taste and bread slice size
Fungus and not eligible for return. I would very much like my money back.
Every single one on the box came broken, and you cannot return or exchange. Buy elsewhere.
I found none of these to taste anything remotely similar to what they claim to be.
Salt is very hard to turn and constantly get stuck. Would not buy again.
No I did not meet my expectations,  they were very tough
Flavored water and vinegar
expensive and bland
I will not order this again
We did not get tangy fruit!!! We got citrus medley. I am not happpy as I already have a box of tgem
No taste whatsoever
received 1 can not 12 cans like i paid four
Pump did not come with package
$19 is a rediculous amount of money for 2 oz
Hopefully you are appropriately fined for gouging
Stop pawning old inventory off on customers Ordered 10/22 - expired 08/20
Unable to taste since it was all melted efore getting here.
I used Vegeta for homemade soup, salad, meat preparation.
Very weak hot chocolate not worth the money
the box looks big, but a lot of space filled with packing material. Not worse money
Was not in the box.
I gave it away and was given a hard time for giving away low quality stuff lol Oh well
I will never buy again. They came in smashed and looked horrible.
I paid for 2 cans and I feel that I deserve to be. COMPENSATED.
Arrived completely melted. One giant blob of goo
My jar arrived broken around the lid so sadly cannot trust that glass will not be in the curry powder.
Item came broken.  Should have listened to the reviews
Arrived ROTTEN and wet.
Neither would my kids.
One of the jars was not sealed properly and leaked. We had to throw it away.
it is only for cooking. but the flavor was bitter
The Macarons are stale, tasteless, hard as a rock.  Nasty. Cannot recommend them at all.
Almost $14 for ONE bottle!  Shame on you!
the orquid arrive .... NO flowers.....realy?
It is a fine product, just too expensive.  And too much packaging.
Should be -1 star, received on time and melted... What a waste....
My order was delivered all broken open with coffee beans everywhere. I am not happy
The flowers were not properly cared for. I decided to order from another florist.
Literally the worst coffe I have ever had
Definitely not sour at all.
Juniper berries are supposed to be blue - these are pink unable to return or get refund
Not what I expected. Very unhappy once I read the ingredients. Unable to return.
The tea flowers were crushed in the sachet. Did not provide a strong enough flavor.
Over price and not good never oder agen
Did not like that I received crumbs not bites.
took too long to ship. will not order again
Thus is a really bad deal. This is just a total burn.
Tasted nice, we will not buy this amount again,   Good quality, to small for a family
These were NOT soft, they were hard.  You cannot even eat them.
Half of this is sauce. The box feels heavy but there is not much in it.
Does Not even taste like cinnamon. Poor quality
Taste terrible, I am guessing they are grinding the whole lemon and screening the juice. Not good.
I thought it was regular sugar sweetener it left an odd After taste
Contains not one, but two artificial sweeteners.
The candy comes all mixed up.  Big disappoint. I was planning it as a gift.
Tasted like hazelnut. It tasted nothing like snickerdoodle. Very disappointed. I despise hazelnut.
It tastes horrible.
Melted and leaked out of the box.
I only got 1 package.  The description says this is a 3 pack.  1 package for $9.95 is ridiculous!
no happy with product
Cannot use them most of them came broken
Arrived damaged.  Water leaked everywhere.  Cannot return it.
There is no return policy on this and my product came open. Do not recommend.
I ave order4ed before no p0roblem this time very hot did not arrveuntl 8::00 all elated inside bag.
Taste terrible and stale
Waste of money, do not buy! Damaged item with no refund offered.
Received beans and they are almost a year old!! Brewed in July 2020! Unacceptable.
Arrived leaking. App says unable to return.
Terrible tasting. It is like eating dry, powdered cheese that has been over salted. Waste of money!
Do not  waste your money, these showed up broken and glass in the box with juice everywhere.
"Not a package of 3 as clearly stated in the product description next to ""Quantity""!!!"
too salty and expensive.
Got to me and there was green mold growing everywhere.
Some of the items arrived inedibly damaged
Sense I coffee much better than Italian Coffee.
Bag was nasty. They had opened and was all wer had to throw whole bag away
Ordered 6 boxes charged for 6 got 1 box
This is what I received.  Melted chocolate.  Box was a lot smaller than it looked in pictures.
Taste needs to be improved
Not  good .. by the time we received them they were broken in a thousand pieces
This product tasted old and stale. Not what it suppose to taste like.
I have ordered this before and it was fresh this one is not I do not think I will order them again
candy tasted old and was so hard just not what i was hoping for!
Expiration date within a couple of weeks. Stale. Not fresh.
The juice received was a month expired
Bugs in inner and outer packaged
These came to me all moldy
Only the first day I opened the sealed package the taste was good - but after that Rancid taste!!!
Although wrapped in original package the gum is dry and stiff.
Came melted into one chunk, would be useful to knock someone out but no way to eat this
Made one cup and threw it and the box of coffee away it was so bad.
This is obviously not white miso.
They had like 2 days before expiration date.. will not be buying again
These tasted okay but the texture was not good. They were way too soft!
Could not use as it had exploded all over the clear bag holding the two bags of cocoa.
Chocolate was old and mostly inedible.
I love this stuff but it is way overpriced.
This is nasty taste like salt and dirt mixed to
I dislike very much it kept clogging my machine. Will not but it afain
Had a sour and gross flavor
Too expensive No returns thumbs down
Was not able to use, package was delivered with the bottles broken in the package
they tasted like cardboard....and they are NOT no carb....they are 14g of carbs per serving !!!
I was looking for black tea. That is it that is all I wanted.
Very dissatisfied. I was expecting better service based on the reviews but was disappointed
You will get 3x the quantity for the same price. Live 'n learn!
Directions were not clear. It was easier to use my Ninja.
All cans were dented and olives are foul tasting
This product tastes awful I can only imagine cardboard would taste the same.
I would not waste my money on this again.
Every bag was completely crumbs when I got it in the mail!
The crackers taste old. Made my daughter sick. Had to throw away.
Had almost zero peppermint flavor! Kind of a chalky taste.
nasty looking, I threw them away, too heavy to send back
not on time and thawed out totally
This dressing is gritty and does not taste like anything like ranch.
THE SMOKEY FLAVOR WAS TOO STRONG AND DETRACTED FROM THE MEATS I USED!
Not so great. Many of the nibs tasted moldy.
The chips were stale.
Fruit was half good and half hard. Would not buy again.
Sent chocolate blend instead of peanut butter... higher sugar content and lower protein. Uncool
This does not have any guava taste at all.
Never purchase again!
Nuts were stale & utterly tasteless.  Totally embarrassing to give as gift!
The package looks way bigger on here.. all the candies were broken. Very disappointing..
Lay's do not put enough flavor on chips now and days  time to find me a new brand
They were ALL rancid.  I threw them in the garbage.
Hard as a rock, the box was stained with oil or product break down and taste was gone
Does not taste like grapefruit in any form. I wish I could return it.
Ordered 4 salsa . One leaked bad. And leaked also onto clothing package I ordered
The entire bag was melted when it arrived.
This was watery and tasted disgusting - threw most of it into the trash.
All you can tast is fake flavors. I do not know how this have am over all 4out of 5
Flover is not as good as real Sumatra cafe
Misleading  of the quantity for the price! Will never order candy again! I want my money back!
Taste old and stale.  Cannot read date or lot on the bag.  Not a Happy Belly
The description is not 6 boxes! So not worth the price of what you get! I am so mad!
Not great coffee, disappointed, expensive and returned it.
Cannot review. Was sender, not recipient.
Love Red Bull but last 2 shipments and had exploded cans which wet the whole shipment
That was awful, it has no taste at all. Water has taste if you are a real water drinker
did not get pack of six  / got one bowl  need a refund for the five i did not get
Only received one box!
expiring with in a week of receiving.  boxes were greasy from being shelved so long
These tart shells are hard and tasteless. Absolutely awful. I would never serve them to guests.
Arrive crushed & broken.But No returns Rip Off
Most of the popcorn was stale.
Very poor there very stale tasting
BAD AFTER TASTE. I unfortunately tasted this marmalade for 3 days after using it.
Bad chemical taste
had to throw it away
Not very tasty, family did not like at all
This bug was in my pistachios and the said I cannot return them. Horrible purchase never again.
Ordered 2 jars of this Ghee and when I received product only had a week until expired.
The taste is horrible. No fruit taste. Nice bottle
I did not like the taste it gave to my buttercream. It almost tasted rancid.
Was expecting it to be sour. Just hard flavored candy balls. Zero sour.
Candy not as advertised and I cannot return it.
Do not buy it.  It is stale candy.  Dry & tasteless. Waste of money!
I do not like the taste
Product was damage I did not recommended at all
does not need all that sugar... will not buy again...
These are not fresh at all. I received my order today and 5 mins later threw the bag in the trash
There is no earthy and nutty ube taste as described. This is just food coloring powder.
Do Not like the taste
This is not Hibiscus rosa-sinensis, this is Hibiscus Sabdariffa
Plants always died they would never grow
These taste terrible. The Swedish fish are better.
Overly priced cookies. Will not buy again. Not worth the $$s
This product has no butter taste at all. I will not be purchasing this again.
The Problem has nothing to do with the product, the problem is with whoever did the box!!
Most chocolate will expire in 2 months and kit kat was cheap, even reeses did not taste right
The product is very weak.  It taste like it was water down.
Too hard. Will not buy again.
was disgusting and was not the 1st time my product is this gross
Complete dried out and old. I love any chocolate but threw these away.
It was dry and tasted old. I took about two bites and threw it in the trash
this cheese tastes like it is been sitting out for days.
The item came cut open on the side, not safe or sanitized!
Broken bean. yuck no remedy.
Did not taste good never buy again bravo to those who like it
It did not work!!! Yeast is dead.
Feet and lemon flavored sandpaper. That is the taste
I ordered a 40 item box and it only had 24 in the box.
No caffeine in these. Waste of money. Do not buy
Worst coffee ever had in my entire life. Every flavors taste the same.
chalky middle and whole box melted in on lump ...just threw away ...do not order these
Product I received expired 16 months prior to receipt (expired 03/2021; delivered 07/2022)
Both boxes of cereal were expired within a month of them being delivered.  Very disappointed.
They were all broken, purchased for a Christmas in July, cannot use
Hard pass.  Even cutting in half and toasting made very little difference.
Could not even make a single can of this, it smells exactly like Purina Chopped Dinner.
Hardly enough raspberry taste! Not worth the switch from maple syrup.
A very dangerous product if used improperly
I opened my package to a gooey mess. The bottle was busted and the broken glass was everywhere.
Had to throw out a whole batch of Anise Cookies because they tasted so bitter.
Do not waste your money
I thought they tasted old . Yuck
I did not like this at all, no flavor.
Did not taste like Tiramisu, should have known better. Lol
One of them was opened
These are disgusting and not hot.
They were horrible. Not salted. Tasted liked they were 10 years old
Not happy with the taste
The grain size is definitely coarse and NOT medium. Not a useful product in that size for me
If I knew it would be so clumpy I never would have ordered it.
Terrible tasting!!
Box had a large hole in it
The sauce is bad and the jalapeos are too soft.
The candy was old and hard.  Will not buy again.
I am livid because the box is open AND only have are in the box
Too much preservatives, taste like wax.
It mainly tastes like chipotle which corns do not go with that I am aware of
Stick with the orange pineapple or the berry one because this one tastes like crap
Cannot be gifted as the box itself is dirty
Bad tasting product
No taste only powder
Not happy with way product showed up . Would like refund
Cake was good but broken up  & stuck to box
I received the parsley and the container was not even half filled.
Not worth it, bad quality and high pesticides
Tasteless. I am very disappointed with this product.
Taste terrible. I usually like your product but not this one.
Coffee not that good. Would not order it again
Arrived completely shattered in box. Was unable to get a refund for unusable item. Do not purchase.
It was very very hard and the taste was mediocre with an aftertaste.
4 packages had expired, and the others are close behind. Some QC is in order.
Horrible, too much powdered sugar. Not worth it.
I only received one box, supposedly two boxes. Where is the other box?
Taste like your just chewing a piece of wheat.  NO FLAVOR AT ALL!
Cool if you like the taste of dirt and salt
This product contains cancer causing chemicals such as lead !
Taste ok, but too much sugar
I received this in a bag, there was ko package, this is inedible and not at all what was pictured.
one out of 4 packages was cut open
Let down by the size, taste and presentation.  Not a good gift.
Ordered 4 boxes - arrived today (8/25/19) - EVERY BOX WAS PAST EXPIRED DATE!!!!!!
Totally disgusting, waste of money, just threw away
Poor quality, small quantity, bad taste
That says it all. Do not order
Not what i was looking for
49% Almond 49% cashew 1% pecan 1% pistachio
Maltodextrin has glycemic index of 100-180...3X that of sugar...if you are a diabetic STAY AWAY!!!
Only few pieces Not a good deal
"My sriracha mayo eating family members said it did not taste like the ""real thing."""
Tasted stale or old but not expiredm.  My kids would not eat them.
chocolate seemed old and discolored
Did not get what it says. They delivered only 1 tin.
Yuck! Taste like old oil coated in breadcrumbs. Disgusting, does not smell good either
The popcorn broke into tiny pieces after the first couple of handfuls and it was too salty.
Tastes stale, as if it has been sitting on a shelf for years. Will never buy again.
Avocado was hard as a rock.
Half the snacks are barely edible
Nasty flavor! My mom and I do not like this ice cream. I regret buying it! Never again!
Keep showing 2 boxes and it is $15 for one. Oh and the product shows up smashed. Got To love it.
I think this tastes great and has a nice cherry flavor.  However, it uses artificial flavoring.
It is over two dollars an ounce. You can buy a whole pound elsewhere for $10.
I am scheduled to use it on May 21.. I sampled.. and not impressed
These are awful.Consistency of cardboard & taste bad too!
The licorice pieces are hard and stuck together!  Has no flavor.  Very disappointed.
Only 11 in the box
Received Nov 2020, brew date was Dec 2020.
This is so small it is embarrassing.
I ordered 8 of these. The sell by date is good til 2024, yet 4 arrived moldy.
Not even one leaf!  Feel ripped off! Will not buy again and will warn my fellow seniors!
Overpriced and expired.  Will not buy anything from seller again
Do you like gritty stuff in your baked goods? If so, buy this product.
Defective flowers. Very bad qualiy. The return policy is unfair to customer.
It does not have the sauerkraut flavor. Just bland.
Strong medicinal odor. Immediately threw entire bag in trash. Buyer Beware!!
Worst tasting crackers ever only those who have no taste buds can eat this
The texture was sandy and when flipping over they fall apart.
Every single candy was melted. Says in description it ships with cooling pack but mine did not.
A lot of broken beans, nothing like the picture
Flavor was not as I was expecting.  Peach flavor tastes fake.  Not for me.
These were stale and extremely hard not worth it.
If I could give no stars I would.  Manufacturer will not accept a return.  Throwing it in the garbage
This tasted overwhelmingly like butterscotch.
Too strong, you could stand your spoon in it
This product is non-refundable but was expired when it arrived.
Well, the package said mushroom, but the base inside was turkey flavor.
Not a good flavor. Tasted more like the pouch it came in with heat.
Would like to return unopened
Taste vry bland nt worth a try...
absolutely disgusting
I have not use it. But my family members have and it does work. This is why I ordered it for myself.
not many cookies for the price. Taste is ok. Nothing special.
Cashews are soggy Not good to eat
These are stale and taste rancid. Will buy at the store in the future.
The cans are all dented and that can be a health hazard, I will not be buying this garbage any more
Very disappointed.  Awful stale coffee.  Too much air got to it or old beaches on your shelf.
The items where out of date by 3 months.
This stuff is not real licorice it sucks do not waste your money
They came broken and are unable to be used for my granddaughters birthday party this Saturday!
These were so gross. I threw them away
Terrible oatmeal
Old and hard not very good. Would not buy again
Everything pictured was not included. Small and not worth the $.
All chips smashed! Packed loosely with heavy packages like water and half gallon containers
Product arrive completely shattered.
All of the candy was broken up and was out the wrapper
I am a cheese puff and curl lover but these have awful taste.  PASS!
Had to throw away. It made me sick
All cans were dented ..every can
Peaches arrived bruised with mold.
Too thick, tastes overly vinegary, not worth the expense.
Bag says over 10 ounces, I put on scale was not even 8 ounces
It was not what the picture is showing.
This whole set is about a foot big. Not with the money I paid for it at all.
It tastes grainy and is not my favorite
The juice is all over the inside of bag. With empty ones in side already
I it was advertised as red but came in orange.  also does not taste good.
Waste of money.  No hazelnut involved -- aroma or taste.
Price gouging. Amazon - please remove this listing.  This is illegal.
Could not use. Cheese was all melted
The package was open and had a spider crawling out of it!
The GARRIT VERBURG remake is horrible.  Not even close to original formula.
Cooked it for longer than recommended it was still hard as a rock and absolutely unedible!
Wow...this product is disappointing. Exceptionally bitter aftertaste. Inedible.
Very disappointed, jellybeans were hard as rocks !!!
Terrible, disgusting, makes me want to be a vegetarian.  Worms???!
The Bottle Was So Small As If It Belonged In A Toddlers Playhouse Kitchen!
It just does not taste good to me
Sharp bitter taste. Not what I was expecting. Most of the cookies were broken.
Lacks the subtle nutty flavor that I was expecting.
Got one instead of the whole box that I ordered.
My box was soaked and the juice pouches were every where
Did not indicate it they were not pitted.
Tried multiple flavors and its straight up nasty. I did not like  any flavor.
Tastes horrible.  Nothing like salt
Too much baking soda and a nasty smell and an aftertaste. Beats the whole gf thing.
impossible to remove plastic wrap on suckers without breaking them. Very poor product.
This bread is excellent, but not at $70+ dollars.  this pricing is outrageous.
Plastic wrap was ripped open, rolls were loose in the box and one of the rolls was missing.
It was grainy and tasted like chalk! Please do not buy this!
Package was opened and only 19 in there not 20, as shown.
Everything was flat
Arrived covered in green mold! YUCK!!
The box was open and ripped....
Waste of money I read it wrong when I purchased the items I that 24  nope only 4
Paid over 50 dollars a pound is not right
Not good, they are not sweet and have a weird flavor
Blueberry and Brandy was not sealed and leaked. Please replace these. Thank You
I hate cumin! And smells a lot like cumin 
Stale very stale will not buy again
Donut Shop coffee happens to be the worst coffee I have ever had.
Flavor was not good.
The flavor of these was awful and worst it contained aspartame!
No offer to replace the broken bottle.
Worst candy I have ever tasted! My horse would not even eat it!
Why is the blue more than 15% more expensive?
Product description did not match what we were sent.
Not sweet at all!
almost expired.... 2 bags had hole.  I will not buy again.
Poor quality. It is bitter in taste and has a black tint to it.
Cannot return or get a refund
Why so high for a small bag
Would not buy again. The flavor was horrible
Tasted of spoiled fruit
So, so bad. do not buy the taste is terrible
Half of the bars were broken in half in the box.
Moist, but absolutely no flavor I could discern
did not realize it was fat free, gag.
Nasty. I have been eating orange slices since I was five and am now in my late 60s.
Had to throw it away because of the stale taste.
It was for a grandsons Birthday cake but cannot return. Bought for nothing
It was mushed and not fit to eat
This was delivered by us mail to my box. When I opened it it was covered in mold...
This was expire before I even received it
This is a very small amount for the super high price! Not happy at all with this purchase.
Packaged looked to be already opened before. 1 bottle almost empty.
Chocolate 1 day shipping.  Came melted. No returns allowed!!
They were terrible.  All sugar and stale
Not fitting to eat.
The jars were unsealed and leaking oil !!!! DO NOT BUY.
Product arrived with seal broken and mayonnaise leaking all over box. Had to throw away.
Crackers showed up completely smashed.
They tasted terrible, not very sweet and had a weird flavor.
This leaves a horrible aftertaste of chemicals. I am going to have to pitch a full box! Steer clear!
Ate it quickly.... prepared food edible.
Nothing like German Seaweed. So sour they leave a bad aftertaste. Very strange.
I am so over all these dented can goods. I just throw them away.
Super crazy spicy! I am asian but stil I cannot eat them. 1-2 bites then gave up.
Order calls for 2 boxes. Only received 1. Still trying to have the other box sent to me
Taste was horrible compared to other similar products I have had
Waste of Money . Candy cane box was opened. Will not use
Stale!!! Enough said!!
Recieved only one canister of the QTY 6 advertised
Takes way too long to soften up to work in an instant soup.
old,expired coffe
Crackers were packed with soda cans. Boxes are smashed. Crackers are crushed.
This bag is not what I expected for the price and you cannot return. Buyer be aware.
I am almost fiinished my chemo and these made me more sick in my stomach.........they are horrible
Sorry but these taste so groose made me want to puke!
Freezer burnt, lots of ice in packages
found out after I got it  that it only has a one year shelf Life  so  I will not buy this again
Leaves a very bitter aftertaste for a long period of time.
Jack links are so much better! The ham is not a good quality but the cheese has some good flavor.
Product arrived defective - glass was shattered/broken.
I can not use them.
The food coloring stained everything and the flavor was terrible
Horrible- protein drinks were spoiled- curdled
Tastes old and dirty.  Walmart sells the real thing. Save your money and do not get these.
Received 8 oz bag of coffee instead of 14 oz bag.  NOT as advertised!
All the sticks were broken and tasted very stale. Would not order again
It is overly sweet !
Nasty taste. Threw it in the trash
Hard as a rock.  inedible.
Looks old, out of date, discolored
Did not like taste nor texture of product.  Tastes stale.
This came in basically a blob and was disgustingly sticky. Would not recommend.
I just received mine and they are bad.  They are discolored and taste funny
Too coarse, lacks flavor, packaging weak and flimsy. It collapsed on me. Very disappointed.
The batter was old not good at all !! And they do not refund on this item...
Damaged. No returns buyer beware
I thought this was a cream like product but it is not-- I wish I could return it.
Product arrived damaged and there was sugar pouring out of the box.
Cero stars this tablets are the worse do not buy
It was too salty.
The ones I got were pale, sour aftertaste and greasey. I am not impressed.
This could cost a penny and be over-priced for what it is. Calling it awful would be too kind.
The bottles are very small compared to normal size that I usually buy from walmart
Have a bad taste
The taste is too salty to eat.
The cookies were all broken which was very disappointing.  The tin was not a good value.
Too many kernels, spent more time spitting out unpopped kernels than enjoying.
Poor quality and packaging - no aroma - just dried up and tasteless
This added absolutely no flavor or sweetness to my coffee, very dissatisfied.
Yeah no. Do not order small amount of food not even 2 lbs.
Gritty texture, quite salty flavor.  Skip this, and buy curry powder from Penzeys instead!
Is a nestle product and should be avoided due to child labor and ties with Russia.
Received Broken...both my jars..do not buy
If I would have known I would not have bought it
$4.55 a box? DOUBLE the grocery store unit cost.
If you have working taste buds, this product tastes horrible, I mean horrible!!
Did not taste very fresh.
Basically wasted money on expired goods, terrible as I was looking forward to trying it.
not a hit with us--
These are not very good. Weird tasting banana flavor & also a strange texture.
unfortunately, cookies did not taste fresh.
If I could rate this a zero for taste I would.
Arrived hard and melted into a clump.  Had to throw out.
arrived not edible due to being in pieces and melted
The bag was open and the sharks melted together
My keurig says it does not recognize this item and it will not work
I AM NOT HAPPY!!! Not as advertised! Who likes white chocolate?! Ugh and no time to return them!
Did Not have the proper amount per box.  Short by 9 packages!
Very disappointed, there was no dressing in the package
Slimy portable snacks are not my cup of pee.
Had chunks! Since when does bisque have chunks? Also way too fattening for not a delicious soup
Cheap sticks the paper gets everywhere. Plus the goo on the inside of the candy is disgusting.
Bland taste and just not worth the money
The way it is packaged and has no test
This is beyond bitter. Completely inedible. Avoid at all costs.
Very disappointed. It said 2 pounds for that price. Then I received a small bag. Expensive!!!!!!
I have purchased these before but these are horrible.  Appears to be old as the hills.
Arrived melted into a block. Very disappointing.
They are stale. Big time. Only a couple of months before sell date expires
Horrible and overpriced I want my money back
Product bought for parents for Xmas. Item does not match photo shown
I have bought better choice beef at a number of grocery stores.
Not happy with this package. I was scared to eat because the package seemed messed with
It was terrible. I had high hopes but never again
received a different bad tasting 'alcohol' in round bottle. Disappointed
Was not an official purchase, be careful when purchasing
Harder than peanuts, cannot chew them.
Nasty stuff, nice smell, salty nasty taste. Once I drank it, I could not quit burping for hours
Arrived completely melted. My kids were so disappointed.
Everything was good but the taste. It tasted like wood. Needs more favor in it!!!
All cans were really damaged. Did not even get to eat any of them :(
I dislike the favor ...I only enjoyed the sweet potato
Its entirely to strong and over powering, i am just going to throw it away. a complete waste
Box was smashed.  Some of tea missing
Bought as a gift. We did not like it.
Package spilt as I took out of box
Envelope arrived unsealed and empty.  I like these cookies, so a big let down.
All cans had dents in them. Did not return. Will do without. Got ripped off for $5 a can. Sad.
This item is clearly listed as a package of 2 jars, however I only received one.
The jar was delivered broken and the fat butter was leaked out and went bad.
This tea tastes awful and you cannot do anything about it. No Return.
Stale and inedible. For this much money, I expected at least fresh broken cookies.
The chestnuts had a ghastly taste and texture to them.  We put them outside for the birds.
These used to be my favorite candy but I am not too fond of the new flavors.
Way to large to consume safely and comportably.
Product was open and missing a few. This is  always unacceptable.
Came with 50% crumble instead of slice.  So DISAPPOINTED!!!  I need money back
Product came damaged and box torn, very unpleasant and NOT edible
I am used to sugar free products, but this stuff tasted bad. Tossed it out.
Waste of money, horrible taste, shredded like straws, packing is full of water
The product costs too much for the amount received, that I do not like.
Food safety seal I broken on The plain Tahini jar.
The amount of sodium in this makes me sick. Louisiana brand Cajun seasoning is healthier.
The WHOLE bag of gummy bears are ALL melted togetherbin one big glob no individual left.
This is the worst water I have ever tried.
Flavor was no what I expected. Did not care for it at all.
disappointed,  not worth the price of shipping aaand it was not tasty save your money!!!!
The plant was a lot smaller than the description and the vase arrived broken. Not recommended.
This product came 5 months expired.....not impressed and will not be opening it to try obviously.
It is all melted and delivered. Waste money !
Ended up throwing it away.
Literally each spoon was crushed lol....
Terrible egg white taste!
This is very artificial tasting. I love mango tea but I threw this out.
The cookies came broken
there were a lot of broken small pieces of nuts.
This item tastes horrible with a major aftertaste.
I tried this for the first time and it was dated 4-10-2019 they were stale tasted randstad.
If it contains Oolong only FBI can confirm it.
Watch out, they may be old, rotten inside
These do not taste fresh and seem stale and old
Do not buy it, this product was already used before it sold on Amazon.
They tasted old and some of the bags were open.
Something wrong with the preparation. Skin is very thin.
Product came melted and busted out of package. No returns! DO NOT ORDER
Pretzels arrived mostly broken in container.
Never come out of the can
Tasteless and greasy. I was very disappointed.
Tastes like a lime sour patch kid.  I was expecting a true lime taste but did not get it.
Does not taste good. Very watered down. Tried making and adding vanilla creamer..  trash.
It smelled like candle and it tasted like perfume it was just really gross
This product taste like pure chemical. Terrible taste. Do not purchase.
I only received 1 box
Taste is bland, no actual fruit flavor, disappointed
Received these ribs, does not  look like pictures, I have yet to cook them
My bag came open with no air in it at all
Wrong product arrived got a pineapple peeler instead. :-(
there were a handful of things missing, and some of the brands were diffferent.
Expired candies you had ship to me! Send me new candy bags.
Not good flavor and does not mix well wasted my money.
It is 2022. Please stop selling food products that expired last year.
Disappointed...cookies were all smashed and the syrup was set to expire within 2 weeks.
I only received 6 cans I ordered  12 cans
my packages are always damaged when I receive them
Arrived today and they were hard as rock.  Hurt my teeth biting it. Not impressed.
This is edible and was delivered in a clear bag and both box and bag were open.
This product is absolutely aweful! Terrible taste. I will never buy anything Hint again.
and rotton.  Please replace with good product.  Dissapointment to our Christmas dinner
Cookies arrived broken.
Do not buy!!!! It was old and hard! Not edible! So disappointed! Waste of money!!!
Most expensive 11 pieces of candy I ever bought
I am very upset and disappointed .trash
Weird peppery spiciness even with the non-spicy one. Definitely not a replacement for V-8
Not what was pictured. Such a small amount
I have now ordered 2 bottles and both have had the seal broken on them.
Disappointed with all.  Refund?
The date on these chips was expired. Unfortunately we threw the box out so we can not return them.
This product was hard as a rock..
Would have liked to receive what was advertised.
Much smaller then anticipated
New will buy again. Package was busted. Had to throw it away. Very disappointed.
Nasty taste. I think they are old. Used to be good. Try another brand.
More than half of the items were expired
product  had a experitation  dat10\05\22  .....
Expensive + they taste like sawdust
Mushrooms did not last but a day
They were stale ( not fresh)
This item does not include a return policy.
its to thin and takes to much syrup to make a one bottle of soda
opened it the next day and it was brown and slimy
This is described as a pack of six - it is only one canister!! I paid $43 for ONE!! This is BS!!
Received a box of crumbs. Waste of money!
Stuck together old and gross
so hard candy and it broke my son tooth!!
Melted and almost inedible 
Not happy that for one its melted and two its not eligible for exchange will not ever get again.
Tasted awful with super gummy texture. I threw away
Seasoning tastes nothing like Taco Bell
At least I assume it would have been great if I had received it.
Used it to sweeten coffee but had to use a lot per cup.
Horrible. Stunk up the entire house. Uneatable Would not ever purchase again !
The item was broken upon arrival
The wrong coffee was delivered twice. Very disappointed.
Wrong type of coffee again
Taste really bad. Do not waste your time and money on this product.
Do not waste your money please
Bag came already open
These used to taste good, now, past month, really bad, dried with bugs...
No icing. No filling. Not worth it.
Vegan meat gives me a headache...ugh Too processed.
This stuff is nasty. Does not resemble bread at all. Save your money!!
These were too powerful and made a huge mess every time. I ended up throwing them away.
Was very upset I ended up having to throw it away.
Super Bitter so therefore useless for my cooking needs.
There is no printed expiration date
This was tasteless no matter how much I used.  My granddaughter did not like it either.
Stale & no refund policy.
Dead a few days after it arrived
The box is way too big and the topper arrived broken! I do not recommend this product.
Only one package came even though it is advertised as a 6 pack
My box did not resmeble the same produts that are in this picture. cheap ..do not waste your money
Was not edible and expired.
All candy inside arrived melted.
5 of 6 cans had one inch dents. Dangerous for health
Packed arrived open and empty
Very disappointed with this product.  The color is not bronze at all.  It is almost white.
Not worth it! Simple and poorly put together. Not as described.
These are horrible  - do not waste your money.
Verrrrrry dry! OLD LEAVES!!
It is like chewing a piece of flavored rubber
It is so not worth the purchase read the reviews, but did not listen..Do not make the mistake I did!!
No flavor, if you add milk it turns into a bowl of mush.
These tasted like they were old. They went straight to the trash.
Box arrived damaged, opened can and it was half full.  When baked had strange after taste.
Does not work in a Nespresso
I received a broken bottle
Old..Hard and very smashed
We were not a fan
Expired and Stale. Had to throw away.
Meh  not up to par for me flavour not much
The stock was old. Some of the chocolates had become white.
These suckers are cute but they came broken!! And you cannot return .. So bummed ..
All 3 bottles were almost empty. No leak in box. Unacceptable.
A Do not buy and it wasted my money.
very tiny, very cheap. :-(
These are not real K Cups
When I opened the box of chocolates, the items were melted and discolored. I would like a refund.
Looks green, not gold. You cannot return!
Jar arrived open and broken, seeds all over, plastic pieces inside. Must be replaced!!!
My bagels arrived with mold
Sorry but taste like crap. I through it all away
Nothing to indicate that this was a legitimate product
I received only three bulbs that were usable.  The others were rotten.
Severe allergic reaction... immediately caused bloating and it lasted HOURS.
Terrible! Everything had a strong coffee flavor ruining the entire 5 pound bag
Too spicy for me.  I mix it with Amy's soups.
The chocolates are very hard and stale!! Do not buy!
Check size of package carefully! Way over priced for quantity. Not worth one star
Ordered May 15, 2020 received May 23,2020 expired March 19,2020.  Disappointing
Tastes like medicine to me.
Disgusting absolutely the nastiest thing I have ever eaten
Was suppose to be 4 boxes only received one box
Product came melted and inedible
This item is damaged would like my money back
These taste so gross
This water is not the real thing.
Title says it all. Would never buy again. Rival stores much better on this item!
Did not like the taste at all.
This product is junk, out of a box I had 3 cups that only produced dirty water...
The cookies came in dust basically. Not sure if someone played soccer with it or what.
Half of these arrived completely melted. My son was so disappointed
This candy was packed so poorly thst it all melt
This was not what I was expecting, it looks and tastes like dirt.
Was very disappointed would llike a refund
PRODUCT (FOOD) WAS OUT DATED!!!! YUCKY YUCK YUCK!
I thought there were more than one in the box like some of their other products.
My chocolates arrived melted and inedible.
They give you hardly any, not worth the price.
Did not use. Corn full of bugs and worms.
Yuck. Never gain.
Expensive and undrinkable.  Nothing is going to make this taste good.
I returned it. Was not worth the price.
Item arrived crushed/broken with no option for return or exchange.  Do not recommend.
Very disappointed that it went bad so very quickly.
The texture and flavor were not good. We did not like it. I would not recommend this pasta
No salt but guess what a lot sugar!
Did not receive right item
I did not like the first bite. I felt like waste of money.
Both boxes I received on march 13th, they expired on. 01/19/22.
So nasty, I could not eat this.
I thought they were terrible
Stale, hard, broken, not fresh!!! Waste of money!!!
This product is like eating cardboard. Will not buy again
So hard that you could not get it out of the jar
Do Not buy this it disgusting
I lost 5 cans in this order.  The new packinging does not work well.  I am afraid to order more!
i found this to be very chalky tasting and dumped the rest
This item is defective. It showed up melted.
They have not expired but they sure tasted stale.  When fresh these crackers are my fave.
Will not buy from Costa farms again...
Horrible, one of the worst granlo I bought
Full of little black bugs.
Most of the contents were spilled in the box and leaking everywhere
Very salty. Could not us
The expiration date was 2 weeks after I received it
The display picture is of orange pekoe and the seller shipped regular black tea
The taste was awful and just not for me. I have had a lot better vegan protein shakes.
Terrible. Box came ripped open and all the individual packets were damaged.
its already opened!!!!!! I cannot return it
These things r horrible lol
I paid for a pack of 6 and only received 1!!  Please make this right.
Everything Amazon sells is trash
I could not take it severe stomach cramps and heartburn, but it may be me
It came with the seal open so unfortunately I had to throw it away
the bag is tiny.  It needs cabbage added to make a true slaw
Follows died in a day.  Very disappointed.
Received in box that smelled awful when opened.
No box Came open loose Not 24 and mixes with decaf Sucks
Was stale and very unflavorable for the price..very dissatisfied
Taste awful like chemicals. Horrible flavor I do not recommend. Better off not eating anything
It is bot freshly brew, espresso machine gushing everywhere, better use illy
Product received was rancid. Was not delivered in summer either not sure why it was rancid.
This was a gift. The cap on the jar was broken.
Worst tasting shake ever.... I did not taste vanilla at all ... it is not good tasting at all...
I only got ONE box not Six!!!
Bag was open on the side gum is stale and taste horrible
Dried out garbage!!!
Miniature seeds that do not pop fully. The bag is huge but you cannot eat most kernels.
Gave it as a gift. They did not like it
Very expensive for peanuts and almonds.
These skittles were obviously old and not fresh. Very hard and discolored. We threw them out.
This is not tea, it is coffee. Way too strong for my liking. Would not recommend.
On sale for $1.99 in my neighborhood store. Not close to a great deal.
Not much product for the price. I would recommend buying elsewhere!
Unable to use, too high salt content
Product was stale.
It was just awful! It tasted so artificial and not even pumpkin tasting!!
This was advertised as a variety pack and yet I only got one flavor. What is the deal?
  So gross...that is all I got
WORST COFFEE I HAVE EVER TASTED. I TRIED TO RETURN BUT AMAZON WILL NOT ALLOW A RETURN.
Very distasteful. Texture is awful. Waste of money
Waste of money!!!
I did not even feed the leftovers to my dog.
Both sauces were expired. Had to throw away
The product is just not very appealing to me. Much too salty.
It so hard I could not use it today. It would not melt
Description says 24 bars, actual delivery is 12 bars.
These chocolates were dry and crumbly. Pretty much gross. Do not waste your money.
It is so gross. Do not even taste like orange it is just blah. No flavor
It is like cardboard
Bought this for my mother said they were disgusting
Small. And rotten. Unable to use. Had to discard them. Came mushy and brown inside
Did not like the flavor
I really did not like the flavor of the gum. It was not for me.
Bad taste. Would not recommend
The product arrived broken
Do not send any more of this product.  wjt
Received very stale coffee.
This item says keep refrigerated but still shipped and arrived old and soured.
I wish I had read the reviews before I paid such a ridiculous price for a bag of mostly crumbs.
Item came looking very unhealthy and small. Looks nothing like the photo.
Got four avocados in a bunch and only one of them was edible.
Had I been served this sauce in a restaurant I would have sent it back.
NOT SWEET AS ADVERTISED
NOT Fresh at all.  This does not deserve a star but it was the only way to reply.
Would not buy again. Cap off bottle Wnep received but unable to return
Overpriced and over-hyped. Tastes like cheap Palmers brand chocolate. Will never buy again.
I paid $34 to receive a container that had expired 2 months ago and that I could not return.
It was all melted together
Way too sweet for my taste.
This does not work as an alternative to thick it.
The baby shrimp is not dry is wet will not buy again
These chips were open and spilled in box. I would like a free replacement.  I am very unhappy 
So tiny and not worth the 8 jelly beans in the bag.
Only got a 6 pack!!
I do not understand how can you send someone fruit that is spoiled? Very disappointed again
Literally could not eat after 2 bites
Do not buy! There are only 5 tiny boxes of candy. Not worth the price.
Nope. Not good. I will say that these were better than the fruit ones but still not good.
Water Taste out of date
Tea does not taste like jasmine green tea. Very poor quality.
Not spicy at all
Everything came in completely melted. Right off the truck!
Very poor quality. Nothing like vobla supposed to be
All that is in the box is a bag of sugar with some flavoring.  Way too pricy
do not buy...all cans received dented.
The cans are dented. See attached picture.
Pop tarts were crushed and crumbled Sent message but no one response
I do not think my dog would eat it. Vomit In a can. Enjoy !!!
Tastes awful!  And does not mix well.
2 out of the 4 bottles came broken
Taste is not what I expected. Made my mojito taste funny.
I love this item normally but it needs to be packaged for shipping to protect from the elements.
This is how the item was delivered to me.
Not spicy at all basically regular plantin chips flavorless and expired
It could be good but the store keeps it in the fridge!! Only able to use it one time.
I did not realize they were already cooked. They were not returnable. Wasted my Money.
Will not buy this in the future, definitely not a taste I care for
Did not like the unusual flavors; not as expected or stated
Product came damaged and not serving a beat up cake for a birthday
So sad... gifted this and it arrived open and unusable  ... trying to get it replaced and resent...
product came smashed and melted.
Arrived covered in green mold!  Very disturbing
These figs were so stale. Inedible!
The chocolate flavor was ok, however you can not taste the pistachios.
Atttn ! Tiny bag w/ 6 cookies not big bag w/22, making each small cookie $2.13. Terrible value.
My dogs love them, Me not so much and I love Tillamook slabs. These silver dollars are dog food.
Fathers day gift and the product that arrived was expired!
I have had these before, but this time pods plug up and coffee grounds go everywhere
The pods will not work in either the Essensa or Virtuo Nesspresso machines.
Arrived with broken lid and broken safety seal with no way to refund or return.
The container arrived unsealed..
These are HORRIBLE! Do not buy. Not returnable, and I got stuck with two bags.
I love all things Peete's, but this tastes like cardboard!
Decent product when not smashed.  No help.
This plant had many branches broken off and was very wilted and appears half-dead.
All cans were damaged. They were sent like that??
I do not like it because of the strange aftertaste, cannot consider this drink hot cocoa chocolate
The bag was delivered .  But it was empty!
Was not  ready to use had to be mix
These packages are so difficult to get open!!!  Love the product--hate the package!!!
The tea had musty smell and an awful taste.  I wrote to the seller.  Have yet to hear back.
Terrible! Would never buy them again!
This product arrived open and spilled in the box. And they do not accept returns. Do not purchase it
The sparking water came flat. I love this water so I was extremely bummed about it.
Spoiled when we got them
Disappointed with the quantity of seeds sent
The jelly beans were moist and stuck together....really gummy.
All flavors have a funny taste.  I guess it is the protein part of the drink.  Will not try them again.
This was terrible. I could only stand eating about half of it before I threw it out.
The yeast did not work. I put the yeast in warm water, no foaming. I added sugar, no foaming.
Yuck. Tastes like water. I Am used to strong coffee and this stuff is so disappointing.
Was not very happy with the flavor of the product.
3 of the 6 were crushed. Could not use in Easter baskets
Much too small Do you have medium escargots?
These have a horrible horrible taste!! Definitely do not taste like what you buy at DG!
I not would buy or try these again.
Damaged, not sealed, not safe to consume 1 of 3.
Bought for my toddler and all but one were broke
It is not good.  I have body gratifying anytime I drink it.
Product is good. The is damage to 6 of twelve cans.
It was NOT in a four pack case.  It was loosely packaged.
Two of the three worked when I received them.
Need better labeling. This product contains shellfish.
Horrible  item .. unable to chew or mix with ANYTHING
These were completely stale an not edible from the moment we opened the box.
Very chemical tasting.
Taste is Ok but it is overpriced for the quantity
Disappointed the bag had a cut in it. And the flour fell out when I unpack the box it came in
Broken pieces. Bad instructions. Stale.
Every single pack was open when I received it! There were chocolate chips loose everywhere.
Sweet and sour sauce with a slight kick. NOT Sriracha at all.
Not worth the price charged, I could have brought 2 bags at CVS.
The product is very wet, and tastes like it has spoiled. You get what you pay for.
Box of chips were a year old and stale
Way more than in the supermarket......product is great price is way too high
Most were rotten when I received them.
These are stale.  Do not buy.
It Runs to slow in my Express maker .  Going back to the original brand .
They are way to salty and taste nasty.  Not happy with this purchase
Taste was poor and definitely not bangers
Not tasty and is a brownish color unlike matcha. Not returnable so what a waste!
Not what I ordered at all. Not return eligable
Strawberries were had mold.
These are dry and very salty.  They are not worth the expense.
Wrong item, not as advertised, wanted salad flavor, should have read other reviews about seller.
Did not like them.  Sugar coated hard candy which barely had any flavor.
Damaged and stale
The flavor is bitter . Some have pit  in it be careful to eat . Not worth it to buy .
Not what I expected. Lacking cheese flavor, very salty and hard. Not very tasty.
I received one pack not 10
We love your product, but we received peanuts, not the peanut. Crunch ( blocks)
The color was completely wrong. It is overpriced, the will not return my item and tastes awful
i ordered Raspberry Dream flavor, Peanut Butter Delight was sent instead.
Showed up on my doorstep and was broken.
more like playdough than cheese
THis box arrived with all Choc Chip and No salted Carmel which was the entire reason I bought it.
ordered two as a gift...one arrived with no flower and the other was damaged all around.
Very fatty meat and tough. Tossed it could not eat it
I wish I would of taken picture but I just threw out.
The Taste was gross
Bag arrived deflated and full of broken pieces. I will not be ordering again.
Could be more stronger no bueno
Would not feed them to a wild bird
This does not taste like Carmel corn. Seems they should call it brown sugar corn. Waste of money
Arrived in a smashed glass jar. I was told it is not returnable.
Package was open spilled coffee all over box
Sold discarded items
Not worth it to me.
Taste bitter after add the small package stuff and very strong preservative and message flavor
Completely broken. Not sure if we can fix it. I need a refund
They arrived broken. Cannot use as part of the gifts as planned.
Every single piece of candy, once opened looked like it had been stepped on. Candy taste old, stale
absolutely not what i expected very watery and underwhelming
They arrived in terrible shape! They apparently had melted before. Tasted old! Very disappointing!!
6 bucks a pound. Wake up people.
Jar was previously opened prior to deliver.
Not Medium roast. Taste like French roast but burnt.
Not fresh about half of oranges
One of the cans came dented
can cannot be returned, money wasted.
Very fishy. Not possible to eat. The ones in olive oil is much better.
The worse ice cream I have ever had
Package arrived substantially damaged. Contents crushed.
bitter not at all like the original product of one's childhood. I was very disappointed
Terrible taste could not even tell if it was spicy because of how bad it tasted!!!!
It is too runny for syrup. The favor is tangy, like it is fermented and gone bad.
This was not worth the money.  Think of your kids' bag of Halloween candy.
Was really excited about this but I keep adding more drops to my coffee and cannot taste anything.
After opening five packages there are only small crumbs and really no larger pieces.
not much for price pd
Package was leaking through box and still delivered
I tried it and ended up throwing the whole thing away. They were just old tasting.
This is Not a Suzy Q!
This bread is horrible. I have attempted twice and both with terrible results!
These taste like artificial sugars. Not at all like the candy we got in our Hawaii Snack box!
WHY is there sugar in this salt? I did not realize it when I bought it or I would not have gotten it.
They are so stale ,hard as a rock, flavor is minimal  do not waste your money
This did not taste like matcha at all.  Real sweet and has a caramel flavor.  Very disappointed
My order came with every bar smashed and totally stuck to wrapper. Very unhappy!
Nuts tasted stale, no one liked it. Too salty to give to the animals. Donated to a food bank,
Did not get to eat it. Spewed all over inside of box.
Tastes like stale oreo cookies. I would not recommend.
Ordered this for a food pantry, but most of the cans were damaged.
I do not really like the flavor at all.
Shipped with past use date
Disappointing gift. Small for the price. Poor value. Avoid.
Seeds are so bitter they ruin the taste of food.
I tried to get the item replaced but had no luck. The package was damaged and I was disappointed.
Coffee was so bitter, I cannot drink it, also I cannot return it. Ugh.
Shipped broken into pieces.
These are very good but they are only $1.84 each at walmart
Smells and tastes like chemicals. Wish I could get my money back. Very disappointed in the flavor.
Bread arrived with a lot of mold.
I do not like the taste
When rehydrated, most mushrooms were very tough and chewy. Would not recommend.
Made with  High Fructose Corn Syrup, looking for something more heathly.
Box came with broken seal very disappointed I will be throwing the product in trash
They came smashed up in the box but I did get a refund
Not please with the cod fish found worm in the fish.
I did not receive 8 Happy Birthdays. I only received one and 8 sticks. Totally a rip off.
I love marshmallow fluff but the seal was open.  That is unacceptable!  Send me a new one
Did not like the taste; so will not order again. Fulfilment was perfect.
This tastes terrible. I ended up throwing it away after one use.
Does not smell or taste like  at all,and received a damaged box.Not happy at all with this product
Stale and hard as a rock.
Do not purchase this product... waste of money
Much smaller packages than I expected at that price.
I did not really care for the taste of this sauce and it was too spicy
This did nothing for me.
Does not taste good. end up throwing the whole bag away.
Will not finish the bag.
So sour, you cannot keep in your mouth for 5 seconds!!!
Everything was stale not worth at all!
I like cinnamon disks, but these were just HOT, not cinnamony. Had to toss out.
Not pleased. They taste old and the texture is unpleasant. They seemed stale.
I do not like the after taste it leaves. I will not buy it again.
Very bad burnt taste no salt taste do not waist your money
Soggy. I love cauliflower but this is just gross
Too expensive. I should have scrutinized the size of the bags. Also tasted STALE.
Had to throw them out because they were stale.
Terrible tasting and small.do not bother.threw product away!!
Each container is 1/2 full.
they were stale and they are smaller packets than sold in UK
Does no taste like a high quality KONA coffee at all, no flavor, it was like water.
Label says natural ingredients.  It is so salty and tastes terrible.  Do not be fooled!
Not sweet potato slips to grow anything, just go to a store and buy for way less
5 out of the 12 bowls were open so I had to throw them away.
This syrup is the worst. The flavor is awful. Dumped it. Do not buy.
DENTED CANS DAMAGED CANS UNSAFE TO EAT
Product arrived broken. No time to get a replacement since the birthday I need it for is tomorrow.
package torn and taped  e-gads.  I WILL NEVER PURCHASE AGAIN.
PRODUCT CAME EXPIRED BY OVER 3 MONTHS
All six of my cats would not touch it. Threw it away.
They were tasteless and stale
Terrible would not buy it again.
It was getting rotten from the inside out already
Terrible taste of tea, besides, you can not return! Do not waste your money.
These were very sour, and difficult to separate the berries without the use of a hammer and chisel.
Taste stale. Not fresh kept. Darn it. Did not realize it til I done used a bunch of it.
Tasted like slightly flavored water
Item arrived damaged!
Arrived liquified. DO NOT BUY!
Please remove the unhealthy ingredients so I can buy them again.
Extremely small and over priced. Do not buy.
Overpriced by $4. Arrived stale and inedible. =(
This product was tiny and flavorless do not buy!!
Disliked - no flavor at all, waste of money.
the gum was as hard as a brick.
The graininess of the soy grits is annoying. Flavor is marginal.
Shipped expired product!
Item was shipped without the lid to the canister.
I was very disappointed!! It is over roasted and many of them are flat. Empty nuts
I did not get it. I even canceled it
Way saltier than what I have had previously in store.
Tastes bad! And price wise it is no cheaper than any other brand.
The original lentil is fabulous and filling. This is flavorful but far too watery to be satisfying.
They smelled somewhat rancid.
Several bags came open and stale. Disapointing.
5 extra small bags @ $3.20 a piece!!!! Not worth it.
Not Sour orange juice.  Imitation with antifreeze added.
Barely any flavor on them, gave them away. No taste at all.
Flavor was garbage. And gooey texture.
Love the product but came in the mail like this. Hard to eat a bunch of crumbs and powder.
They are super small bottles. Hopefully they pack a punch because they are so tiny
If you like eating stale wafers, you should waste time as money on this.
Item had seasoning all over and arrived a mess!
It made me and my family sick too too salty we all became dizzy
I order this but they arrived stale gummy like. They were not fresh.
really awful!  worst texture!  nothing like a gummy bear
Totally overpriced and there is no different to any of us sold. Do not buy!
The product does not taste well and the bad part is its not returnable.
Way too small for the price... tiny bag.  I did not read the size and got burned.
Theses were awful
taste really weird .. noy buying again
Cannot taste the cranberry; bought a different brand that was less money too
Product is fine , the shippers was off
Ordered a 12pack for $38. Received ONE single tin. Insane. Huge disappointment.
It tasted like minow bait !!!!!
mints are smaller you only get 40oz  not worth the money 18.00
I got sent a 25 pc instead of 36. I needed 36.
I did not try this but is not the same from the picture and you cannot return.
When this delivered to a friends house. When they opened up the candy was all broken.
Did not like the taste combo.
Bummer, not the crunchy Lucky Charms cereal marshmallows. Disappointing waste of money.
Not lemon tasting at all.  I was hoping for a taste similar to lemon Girl Scout cookies.
Not worth the calories! Yuck! Their other flavors are so good but this one is rubbish
I have ordered and reorded this  have yet to receive the MULTI-PURPOSE SCOOP.
Nothing like the Bombay mix I grew up with. Tastes awful. Sad.
Not as advertised ,no red plastic stick to spread cheese on crackers
Only good to be used as a doorstop!
Misleading pictures and description, waaaay to expensive for what you get.
This is the first package opened.  Can not eat this! DISGUSTING, MOLDY!
Eating this got my family sick.  It is poison in it do not eat!! Beware!!
Beware this is only enough for one sandwich $23/lb.  Mistake buying this.
Slippers were lime green. not a very adult or classy present. the picture shows white slippers.
Old dusty peanut butter! Gross!!!
The flowers arrived late. and without the card saying who it was from. Complete disappointment
The chocolate arrived completely melted! Could not use for I had planned. It looked awful
I was dead in a week. I have a couple of these n they are thriving beautiful....
Received my package right from my mail carrier, opened my box to see the bread is all molded.
Only sweet taste and plain and expensive
Sort of chalky texture.. not ideal.
I would not buy again they came smashed and not worth the price
Undrinkable, threw it all out.
These things taste terrible and leave a really nasty aftertaste.
Two of the cups had leaked all their juice and made a big mess.
The taste is not what I expected after reading reviews. Taste not good.
All 3 of my packages were stale
Just burn your money right away. Will be a better use of it in winter - warmth.
The bags frequently break while steeping. This product is not returnable/ refundable.
Coffee tasted very watered down. Not good coffee at all!
These were absolutely disgusting.  Do Not waste your money, half my order came in melted
In the product description it says 12-1 oz bags per box. Only one little bag arrived!
Would not purchase again!
Tastes old! They are NOT FRESH!!
It smells bad and tastes even worst. Do not waste your money.
Terrible taste.... Do not buy!
I received all Sun chips. Disappointed.
Got these for my wife on Christmas and 2 weeks later we found a maggot in one.
The box I was sent was already past it is expiration date.
Chocolate showed up after 11 days melted.  I threw it all away.
I wanted loose leaf tea.got some kind of granules!  Not what I wanted or asked for.
Headline says it all
Too thin to load even lightly with toppings.
The taste was very strange. It tastes rotten.
I ordered a 2 pack & received 1
Do not support nestle! They take water from the Great Lakes for a cheap price. 
Received on tbe 11th all expired on the 14
Product arrived broken
Safety seal open & cap partially  unscrewed.
The chocolate was melted when product was received.
One bottle was empty.
Advertised as glass when actually plastic
Hard to peel most of them were sour or not not good quality....
Arrived melted had to throw away.
Product quality varies greatly between packets. Not pleased with stale taste.
How can one package of crisps be $18.00. I have been cheated by Amazon. I want my money back.
Yikes for a healthy meal it has about 900mg of sodium
The nuts tasted like they were two years old. Bad taste. Bad enough to throw away.
They was hard as a rock they was not soft at all
Tasted old! My kids usually go crazy for these. But they had a different taste to them
All bags expired in May. Not happy.
Ordered 2 salsas and both had mold. Wish replacements without mold!
The ramen noodles and the spice was awful and does not allow refunds. They are horrible tasting
Taste is awful - nothing like Grand Marinier- do not waste your money.
This was $10 for 10 caramels, rip off.
Nasty tasting.  Threw them away
Not the best flavor
Love this product however the seller sent me expired ones!!!
They have no taste. How is this possible??
Too much citric acid
Old, disgusting, dry and brittle. I am truly disgusted by Amazon and this product.
Most of the suckers are broken
Fairly tasteless, not much more to say.
This is how the mayo was received.
Love the chocolate sea salt, this not so much
Not what is pictured. Read the other reviews
No flavor and not worth the expense!
The items were dried out and crushed, we could not even eat them. What a waste.
The meat and gravy were horrible. The crust was ok.
very hard and chewy like year old Halloween candy
Too dry.  Very hard to chew.  The teriyaki flavor was much better.
I love these normally! But several bags had mold in them. So I will never but then here again.
I would like to cancel this subscription
These tasted horrible. I seriously could not give them away.
That not happen will never again waste my money
Not good. tough, dry, hard to chew.
NOT GOOD, (and I am South African)
Product arrived stale
The mixture was hard to blend no matter how long we shook it.
I do not know what the makers consider spicy or even savory.  But these are not it.
The taste was terrible.
Horrable.gross ect.
It was completely melted.
Does NOT TASTE LIKE CHERRY. VERY DISAPPOINTED. WORSE NON RETURNABLE. #AMAZON PULL PRODUCT
This was Xmas gift to my wife.
They all were crumbled. All of them
Terrible aftertaste will not buy again
The color of the Matcha is yellowish and does not taste good. Very expensive for what you get.
Jar was damaged and no refund
Took one taste,threw both jars in the garbage.
This basil was ok, but it is only 0.5 oz and smaller then the packages in most grocery stores.
I disliked that they melted .... and they were outside my door no more than a hour
Taste off, not caramel at all, but plastic
This was just a flavored black tea - not at all what I would order as 'chai'
Accidentally chewed on the gross stuff inside.
Packets are for single servings not two quart packets . Not pleased.
Extremely poor quality and overpriced.
The ones I buy elsewhere do not mold within a few days.
These were dated 1/7/23 on expiration and today is March 1, 2023. Who wants stale cookies??
This one they do not have a side cover it is all fear out
Gross. Will not buy ever again.
Terriblemore than half are bitter and stale.
This product did not taste or smell like most hazel nut products. Not much taste at all.
Very small papaya for $5 it is expensive....
I did not like the flavor.
The nuts were stale.
They are glued together and I cannot separate them.
Bag contained only 2 pounds of raisins, product should have contained 5 pounds.
tastes like plastic, when you want it yourself it is much tastier, I am disappointed
I am not happy, because the description said pack of 20 and I got only a pack of 10.
It was old. Hard. Out of date.,
The Image says 8 pack...I do not think that is true.
Yuck! Did not like these!
This batch was made in the Dark Ages & is obviously stale & flavorless
i tried this brand 2 times not a smart purchase
Taste is unlike that of the real manuka
Gross, straight in the trash. Burnt cheese taste
Cute but tasteless and horrible
OMG- smell could not be any stronger.. not in a good way
You can easily have 50% fat.
Children did not eat it was not fresh
Very disappointed. The cookies were stale.
Personally do not like the flavor of this coffee: weak & artificial.
do not use if your frying
These are Not BUTTER MINTS  They are after dinner mints that are colored yellow
Damaged old tea!
Does not taste at all like beef bouillon.  Waste of money.
The test is not good
Bag arrived ripped down the middle. Salt spilled out when box opened. Looks like it was cut.
Over all, not a good food !
Mainly blue/green it was bad
Probably the worst flavor of any of the Monster Hydros
I just noticed both bottles were opened before I got them and one was missing 1/4 of its liquid
Both bottles were opened prior to shipment. I want a refund.
DO NOT BUY!!!! Old, stale, hard, dry, AND TO TOP IT OFF, NO RECOURSE!!!!
The plastic k cups are too flexible preventing the bottom Keurig needle from puncturing the k cup!
Oh these are bitter! They also feel strange and leave an after taste in the mouth.
Too expensive, broken prices and individually wrapped.
It honestly just tasted like chocolate sauce to me. Could not taste the spice or heat at all.
Not a good tasting garlic bread stick at all will not purchase again
It came unsealed and leaked all over inside the box.
All were smashed flat and some leaked out into package.
I bought 7 boxes and they are all expiring in February
Ooooo Yuck,, if I could give this product a negitive Star I would...
Does not work with nespresso vertuoline!!
Title pretty much sums it up. Do not recommend.
Husband who likes most foods, did not like the flavor of this product.
Strawberries were spoiled
Not good. No flavor. Not worth $15
i do not like the artificial taste of water melon. will not buy it again.
I love watermelon and strawberry but this taste awful.  Will not reorder. Everything else OK.
We were really excited but they arrived totally stale and no return option.
Absolutely smashed. Shipping box fine, product inside totally smashed.
Item arrived damaged.
It has soy in it which is a trigger for me. Do not care for the flavor.
Every single candy cane was broken. Some of them were completely shattered.
This is not meant for chapatis. Do not buy if you plan on using this to cook rotis
Did not enjoy eating this type of breading for chicken
Taste is awful. I wanted a salt substitute that tastes like salt but this is horriblwe
It is mediocre bread, but that smell made it just too nasty to eat.
it did not taste as good as I thought it would. most of my cans also had dents on them.
Moldy ...did not taste good and they will not accept returns...
Has a strange taste / smell. It just taste like salty lemon zest. I do not recommend.
No communication back when made aware of the problem and no returns because food.
Had no taste, basically a cardboard
These boxes are REALLY small and not worth more than 25c/box.  Just beware
I did not like them at all
It was old, caked and the sated awful
Tastes terrible.....not fresh at all nor does it taste like celery seeds.
Box containing the cereal is damaged therefore contents cannot be consumed.
The smallest Jasmin rice you can buy
So much salt.  Had to throw out. Unable to eat.
Product had expired.
These are not unbearably hot! I did not taste any heat!
This is a scam. It is one packet
Unable to eat by itself. Great texture could use for baking or as a thickener.
Cookies arrive broken and taste is horrid. Nothing near an Oreo flavor
My order was supposed to have 2 boxes and only received one.
Do not taste like hard boiled eggs. Frankly; they are tasteless.
The poptart box was damaged and all the poptarts were crumbled when I received them.
Very disappointed.  All the candy was stuck together and not edible.  And it is not refundable.
Cans was all bent out of 48 can only 14 was good to use.
Way too expensive and they were the small boxes. I will never buy again from this company--rip off!!
Received a flat bag of potato dust.
Arrived full of long roach looking black bugs
Two empty cans and four swollen cans!
They taste horrible. I would not buy this brand again.
The screen at the bottom came undone and grounds clogged the drain spout.
I ate some and was disappointed.
Too pricey for 1 gravy
I have used ham base for years but..refuse to use this. ITS NOT REFUNDABLE
You only get 1/2 of your order.
We ordered what was pictured however I did not get any Doritos
Be careful and check them all before you use. Grossed out and will never buy this brand again.
Does not taste anything like the original Pop Tarts. DO NOT BUY
Seems drier than full sized packages.  Also, not a fan of this flavor.
Cloyingly sweet.
product was slimmy and did not taste good.
Kids thought they taste terrible
Product areived with no red and no yellow.
they were delivered rotten.
Product came damaged brolen up .
Bought the rye four to make bread in my new bread machine. One bag arrived open and spilled in box.
Chips came totally smashed
The noodles were all crushed. Worst pole of mush ever
Was not clearly stated there is cinnamon in it as I am highly allergic. And no returns
Do NOT buy this!!!!!!
I ordered green tea and got oolong tea. Very disappointed.
The Item is rancid and taste and smell bad
Bland.  Not for me but you may like it if you are in to that.
Very disappointed.  The nuts were chewy not crunchy.
Stale as hell do not buy
Was not as good as I remembered and did not keep well.  Got hard after awhile.
Watery and kind of tasteless
Product arrived expired.. be sure to check the date
item had melted at some point and was all clumped together in a large ball, completely inedible.
Did not taste good. Dry and gritty.
Why 1 small 10oz for 10.00 Rip off
almost dead at arrival, died shortly after,
Taste is terrible
YUCK! I hated the weird after taste. Reminded me of the artificial sweeteners.
No indication on the package that this mix was too hot.
I do not know why people like this chili it is disgusting it is like people are eating canned dog food
Terrible taste!! sorry lawrys not this time.
Went to use and the beans were 100% moldy.  Buyer beware
Tasted like nothing.
These taste terrible ! Yuck ! Hubby had to have these to pass out to relatives as a gag gift
Taste good till it pops and there is plastic that does not dissolve.
"When I tried this, I tasted it is ""sweet"". Did you add sugar in it?"
Seal was busted on the outside and inside of the container when the product arrived.
I wanted vegetable one only however got beef instead.
Size of package for 39.99
They were horrible I had to throw them out
I could not even finish these. Tastes really artificial.
Dates were moldy
Tasteless and flat. Tried to mold them but did not work.
It was rancid and it smells.
Every Reese is completely melted! Not worth the value if they are all melted.
Gross. Tastes like cardboard.
Look terrible not all the way painted. DO NOT RECOMMEND
These Arwen not dried strawberries. These are more like gummy strawberry candy. Chewy & sticky
Do not waste your money flowers arrived brown and wilted blooms never opened what a waste of money
The Gatorades had different expectation dates.
Does Not taste good or that hot. Remember, you get what you pay for. -Kyle
I ordered the Orignal flavored Open Pit and  received the Thick & Tangy flavor.
Could not use it as it affected some medicine I take
I am not fond of getting whole beans
I cannot even finish it it was so nasty and bland and smells so weird !!
Product arrived soaking wet with half of product spilled inside the inner box
The flavor was too strong for my taste buds.
The milk was spoiled and tasted sour and it was not pass it is expiration date.
Unfortunately this was very hard to eat and was pretty expensive
Receivd sour! Ice pack did not keep cold during shipping
Arrived hard and unusable.
'Gave it away to neighbor. Neighbor threw it in compost pile.
It has good flavor at first but goes away quickly
Bags very small, not hardly any chips in bags.
The contents in the tea bags are not properly sealed. They scattered all over in my tea water.
Jar was leaking. It was unsealed.  Had to throw it away
Box arrived open. Leaked all through packaging.
Item came damageda couple cereals are open at spilled out.
The candy was old and it was all melted!
Cooks up as mush...horrible taste
There are no boiled eggs in here. Not worth the money at all
Did not meet my expectation
Tasted like they were made in old oil. Bad taste and texture.
Not good at all do not waste your money the chocolate tastes like chalk
This product is lacking one ingredient Flavor!!! has no taste...beware and do not purchase
No flavor or taste. Thru them all away.
They were so old it was like chewing glass.
Could not use, opened package to prepare sausages and product was unusable.
Tastes completely awful DO NOT BUY
Terribly stale- will need to throw away.
Product was delivered damaged
Badly mildewed.  Both loaves.
Does not have any fizz and tastes just like plain sugar
You are ordering exactly ONE liter of water!
Gourmet pepermint straws not filling just solid. Will not order again.
Taste very bland. Will not be buying again.
Was not sealed when I received! To the trash it went!
Advertised as 35 oz and received a 16 oz package
I paid for a 6 pack of these bars (12 per box). I received one box.
This product does not compare to my standar Torts
While all of my others plants thrived, this thing died in 2 months. Totally crunchy.
do not buy, i do not want to see anyone getting sick
Horrible so called coffee.  Worst taste ever.  AND I cannot return it...???
Very dark Not tasty. Burned.
Product received broken into chips/crumbs.
Got these for my daughter and her boyfriend.......now they probably think I hate them!!
Made bread with it and had a similar reaction I do with ingesting gluten. Cannot return it either
Super strong in a bad way!!!
This blue popcorn tastes like mold. All popcorn tastes Moldy!! Do not buy
Was not much feta in it....was mostly just ground Peperoncini peppers....was just too spicy
would not coconut water taste like coconut??  this crap did not.
My expiration date was expired when it arrived. I am disgusted!!!!
See the attached picture. A jar was recieved open. Would like credit or a replacement
pretzels were broken and box looked as if it was crushed
I did not like that one is broken. What will be done to correct this problem?
Broken bottle bad shipping and you cannot return
Chocolate bars had melted. Delivery was in late October in NH. No melting on this end
Iwalmart was out so I ordered this.  Bag was broken. Flour all over.  What a waste of money.
Product came ONLY as the sour flavors.
Way too expensive and took over a month to ship the item to me
smash flaten and ridiculous  popcorn in an envelope REAL SERIOSLLY !
Was not handle with care Every pack of cookies in side Broken
They do not run through like they are supposed to
It tasted old and stale, I threw it away
This is not pure vanilla. Contains Vanillin, an artificial flavoring.
Packages are small and have very little Jerky in them. Most of the pieces were crumbs.
Unsweet melon - awful
Product came broken not happy
Coffee was very weak and I could not taste any of the flavors of the pods,
Very small and flimsy!
This product is good but its being sold 3 times the regular price on Amazon. Not nice
Texture does not resemble pasta.  We could not eat it.
Absolutely disgusting. Tastes nothing like hazelnuts. Lots of oil , petty much no butter.
Was molded in 24hrs
It has a bad smell like motor oil. Ugh
Not quite what I hope for.
Very stale. Soft and tasteless. Avoid this pop corn.
Tasted a little artificial, was hoping for something similiar to fly by jing. It was not.
The capsules arrived damaged.
This product tastes disgusting...leaves a gross after taste! It is headed for the trash can!!!
what a pain in the ass to use.
It was spoil in few days after received it
All cans were dented and inedible
These pies went bad three days after getting them
The yogurt coating was horrible.
Peppermint was good marshmallows were dry ss a bone glad I did not gift it
Not sure how old they are but you have to use a knife to split them apart - they do not break apart
Taste horrible!!! 
This product was hard when we opened the container. Now I cannot return it
Very soon after I received the cinnamon sticks I had to throw them out because of mold.
Looks nothing like the picture.
Moldy husks with no return policy. They smell terrible.
I sent them back because all were bent
It was expired oof
It was one hard block, not powder.
sorry but they were stale, did not eat
Strange texture, did not like the taste
My son and I did not like this at all. It almost had a sweet taste to it.
Terrible.  Sawdust flavored crumbles passed off as teriyaki jerky
will never buy again--what a rip off
Pinkish orange, not red!
Product of Netherlands and not from Peru. Only 76 servings.
Tasted terrible! Yuk!
This is the worst popcorn I ever had in my 84 years.  It was like eating kernels not popped corn.
Terrible texture, like recycled paper, and all 3 people that ate it got sick
Not the real wild rice
Broken item. Came broken in the mail.
Garlic smell very high I will throw this out
My package had a huge hole in it!!!
discusting and mushy. would never order again
So little in between
It is not a paste.  It is liquid like extract
Bagels were very hard and dry, waste of money.
Broken open and smashed.
Item arrived smashed. Was unable to unwrap due to glass shards.  Not eligible for refund.
These expire in a week from the time they were delivered...
I was not impressed at all, the flavor was blah, it tasted odd.
Big fan of true citrus but this tastes and smells like cleaning fluid. Should have returned.
Overly carbonated cans!!! They explode when you open them!!!
Broken bottle not eligible for replacement? Really? Will not order again.
Way too sour. Not at all like the hard candy. Ate one mouthful and threw out the rest.
It arrived cracked and it was not spicy at all. Very vinegary.
is this ketchup GMO?
These also arrived dry and dead
The pasta was gummies the grandkids would not eat it.
It nearly expired in less two months when I got them and was not allowed to return them
Piece bits. Look at picture. $15. Wasted
My order had very little mango bits added to the tea. No fragrance, & very little mango taste.
The product is damaged 
The product came with mold on it.
cannot locate the ebook. :(
Did not like this product.
All dry and crumbly with an expiration of 2023.  All went to the trash never again!!
Sorry but the Worst past ever, Bubble gum is softer than this.
Tasted like it had been on the shelf way too long. Had to trash it,not very edible
Terrible product!!! Cannot return it. Used only 1 tablespoon.
They came melted and was gray. Tossed them in the trash!
Nope >> I will not purchase this sour tasting stuff again > LORD GOD HAVE MERCY
Tastes artificial, almost plastic-like taste. I do not recommend it at all!
Not so great, I was looking for a soft chew with a distinctive coffee flavor & this is not it!
Should have received two boxes of Gingerbread men not just one. Please send remaining box.
I wanted ground coffee and I was shipped whole beans instead. :(
These cups were very stale.
THIS IS NOT HUMAN FOOD GRADE - LAVENDER!!!
Overpriced, low quality, please look at other options, like Creminelli before buying.
Description states 5lb bags (pack of 2). Received only 1 - 5lb pkg.
I like the flavor and the price is reasonable
Received a different brand and was not allow to return it.
The order delivered but the box and the packaged they were damaged
Very bitter. Not a rich, dark coffee, just bitter 
Tastes like chemicals.
Very bland. Even my kids did not eat more than one bite.
I gave it away. I do not like this coffee. I will not buy it again.
Hershey has gone woke. You know they use spoiled milk, right?
It was broken when it arrived
I did not like the taste of these. They made me sick to my stomach.
It taste really nasty!! And you cannot return the item.
We thought these were full size but they were mini and super Stale and flavorless.
The candy was stale. Very disappointing as it is a Christmas tradition for my family.
I am so disappointed, these tasted awful I spit them out . Maybe I got a bad batch :(
I did not like my package missing items and already being open...
I feel these Monin syrups taste as if they were left in a damp closet for a few years.
Leaking everywhere. No seal
We like it I did not really like it cuz it do not remind me of a snickers it tastes like peanuts
Half of Them were in crumble s
Disappointing to eat
This was bought as a much-anticipated gift, but was missing the stand. Very disappointing.
Who would ever buy this at this price
Not fresh and was wilted.
Small jars and arrived slightly separated.  Expensive, very expensive, for the amount provided.
When I received the bagels the bag had a slice in the middle
The consistency is like plastic! There is no crunch at all. So beyond disgusting!!!
Tastes nasty.  I bought this as a recommendation by Dr. Oz.
Not like they used to be.  Small, flavorless and virtually no peanut butter. Sad excuse for a Candy
Visible mold in the package
Did not taste fresh.
Arrived in damaged condition.
On 30 came in the box when it supposed to be 40
This is the first Green Mountain flavored coffee that has no flavor at all! Very disappointed!
Product made me sick
I liked the product from the past
We did not care for the taste!!
Please include an ingredients list on the product listing page.
Not worth trying. My dogs would not even eat this
I just do not like the taste. I like other decaf coffee.
Customers, please read the description and return policy.  They are about 3 inches in diameter.
The number one ingredient in this product is dextrose. To call it stevia in the raw is just wrong.
It is tasteless now.
These chips are so hard and tasteless that I cannot recommend them for human consumption.
No leaf all twigs
Tasted REALLY stake. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!
Item leaked all over the inside of the box. They will not give me my money back
Mine was all melted
Only received half my order.
If I do not get my refund immediately,  I will refer the matter to better business bereau.
Box was open and it was short on it missing 4 out 18 all together
Not the size I expected for the price I had this is the size of a Med/lrg strawberry
Was unable to try, seal was broken.
Half of them were mushy and rotten
You cannot get any taste because of salt
It is very hot so hot you can not eat it you have to mix it with something I guess it works
I did not buy these noodles because they ranged between 9 and 10 dollars a BAG.  Nope
"These are one month away from the ""Best when used by"" date."
This product arrived with the vacuum broken.
Not what I expected
Was not good at all. I put them on the trash.
Horrible.  Basically creamy water and a teaspoon of shredded potato.
Poor value as many others noted. Tiny bag for 15 bucks
It does not have a flavor.
Came broken, can not be given as a gift. Cannot get a refund - absolutely ridiculous.
May be the worst fig bars ever , they arrived dry and flavorless. YUCK
Very small portions and not great taste. Way too exspensive for the little bit you get.
Tasted stale and they were nothing but pieces and mostly crumbs
Did not care for the product at all
Most of the Packages of macaroni were open,  Dumped in the box .
Came to me melted and unacceptable to give out to neighborhood children.
Ordered a 3 pack in mid-July 2022. Only got one box and it expired in July 2022.
Dissatisfied quantity for cost
All of the info says 3 12oz cans. I received only one 12oz can.
Gross. Do not purchase. Does not taste at all like the shells in a box. Terrible.
Faded. Did not look like the picture at all. Had to glue two or them together to at least look ok.
Foul odor and very large chunks makes this salt a poor choice for use on food or in a shaker.
This coffee was awful Tasted burnt
One of the lollipop is broken and I could not replace it.
Not worth the price!
I wanted ones that dissolve
small package, high price.  will not buy again
The bag was broke open and got all over my other items! Tumeric does not come out of cloth.
Thus product is spoiled.  It tastes awful,  and so disappointed
I love these products but shipping this is terrible, open the can all crushed  
Half of the product was crumbled
The chips broken into little pieces. Really disappointed.
Definitely an acquired taste...
You are getting a few, literally, scrap leaves. Do not buy.
I would not recommend getting it from here
Ughhhhhh....gross. they are so stale!
I received 12 containers of FOUR, not 12 containers of SIX as stated.
Do not buy. Something in it Gave me a really bad allergy reaction.
It did not survived the Pacific Northwest winter.
Absolutely disgusting and waste of money
When I get it again, because of that
The product was sent to me expired over six month.
Poorly made cups.  Tops peeled off and grinds got in my coffee and Keurig.  Threw them all away.
Every single pack...crystalized. Do not buy. I will not ever again.
Product is expired!!!
They came melted threw them away
The ones I got were all rancid
Hard and taste like chemicals. They all tasted the same.
The taste of this soup was horrible.  I cannot believe I paid so much per bowl.
Not happy with the on-line meals  matching my delivery I received
buyer be ware: this is 1 can not a pack of 10 tins!
This is not the same brand that was delivered.
never again expires very soon.DO NOT BUY.
Very bitter with no flavor very disappointing.
this product is sugar that came all lumpy. Some of the lumps were too hard to break up.
Box was destroyed and so were contents
These chips do not taste like ranch
Tastes like cat food and has a similar consistency. The other mixer flavors are much better.
They are cute looking. Unfortunately 13 out of the 20 came smashed and broken.
They are all hard as a rock, cannot even use. No returns. Bad product
I have bought two of these from this seller and both died within a week of propagating in water.
Expired product with very old expiration date
Is NOT organic as advertised.
These arrived on Dec 3, 2020. Best if used by date is Dec 20, 2020. I expected a longer shelf life.
Not mushy but do not have any chew plus no flavor would get fresh
Tasted gummy and stale,
Very old product
I was not very impressed with the flavor.  I will not be ordering these cookies again.
Cookies were horrible
Stale, very hard.
It is not very good for the price. No maple flavor at all.
Advertised as sweet, not true. Also not made in the USA. Cannot recommend this product.
Wayyyyy too ripe. Impossible to reach customer service for a refund.
Very tart, like drinking pure lemon juice and bitter black tea, very pricey considering the taste
Arrived all broken Box was dismantled
Exploded. I cannot eat this. Cannot read the label
I taste barely a hint of peanut butter in this syrup, it only adds sweetness. Disappointed.
Does not actually taste like snickerdoodles.
Way too salty.  Overshadowed everything else.
Product received was spoiled and inedible. Heat exposure made links extremely greasy and inedible.
This Did not taste that good at all and it is way way too expensive!!
This water comes from Southern California not Northern California where the water is better
This arrived covered with green mold!
Who the heck in their right mind would pay this much for a bag of Easter candy?
did not have much flavor.  was not crispy.  Just a disappointment to me.
This tasted awful and was so dry, you could not produce spit if you tried.
So hard and bad flavornot eligible to return!  Not happy at all
Too pricey. Found it in the store for half as much.
I bought to replace MREs It taste just as bad.. So No Bueno
chocolate is grainy, will not buy again
Compare to the others products HighKeys has, this is my least favorite. Never buy it again!
Received Expired and Out-of-Date
Expired!!!! These are 8 months expired!! DO NOT ORDER!
No chocolate flavor. Few almonds. Not crunchy. No richness or depth of flavor.
Ended up throwing it out shortly after opening it. The few nuts that I did eat tasted rotten!
The product was damaged and leaking and I am not able to return it. I feel cheated and bummed out.
I could not try them because the bag arrived open
I tried pods from 2 boxes from same order and the tea is very weak!!
Such a small can for the cost!!! I am so disappointed :(
There was fungus on chocolates
All in pieces and not fresh! I want a refund.
They expire in less than a month
Expire in 1 month! It was hard and the taste was stale and old.
i didnot like the smell and the taste do not buy it again
It is way mild than expected and comes in plastic cups.. which was very disappointing.
cannot use dead plants . Do not by
not great-low quality foods
Product arrived stale.
Overpriced for qty and size
Seal was broken and leaked!!!
The description is incorrect.  It is for one bottle Not a case of 4.
No taste. Could not return
More black peppercorns than the other colors.  Can get the black ones anywhere for a better price.
Disgusting flavour. Wish I could get my money back.
Bottle came broken and cannot get my money back
Price JUMP! $18 for only six cups? I will pass. Had been buying these regularly prior.
Very misleading! There was supposed to be 4 boxes, but it was only 1. NOT a good price for 1!
Not real happy they arrived melted solid have nothing tried cooking with them yet.
When I received the After Eight Mints they were ALL melted.
Thick texture. Bitter flavor. Not at all like passion fruit.
No seal on container
I thought I would enjoy thesebut did not like the flavor/taste of them.
teriyaki sauce was not even sweet. Was pretty disgusting. All taste the same
extremely gritty and highly processed taste. would not recommend.
No flavor in cheese or other items.
Just bought Beantown Roaster Kcups ... THEY DO NOT WORK in Keurig 2.0.  They blow out every time.
The title says unseasoned, but the ingredients list includes salt and sugar and it is salty as hell!
The taste was awful.  I shared with my friends and they did not like the taste either.
Tastes like celery not a  fan of celery. Especially do not want my BBQ to taste like celery.Gross
Dislike they were brown I will not order again
This tea is old and did not take on any flavor.  Please check your stock
Candy is cotton candy flavored, not cotton candy
I hate the taste of this cereal!!! I have not used it, I wished I tried it before buying it :(
Flavor is not the best.
Tastes like rotten feet. I cannot believe I spent 14 bucks on this.
The product was the wrong size for what I wanted to use it for.
Could not taste the toasted almond very weak
This cacao powder is seriously grainy and does not mix well into liquid. Very disappointing!
They were not able to be eaten becz they were opened and hard as rocks
Not spicy, too salty
Was expecting more vibrant red color, does not look like authentic Kashmir red chilly powder
No one in my family liked the pizza unfortunately.Bland taste
Want my money back
Small amount for high price
The cookies are all damaged. All broken.
after 3 crushed capsules i gave up
Only 7pcs of Choco. Boys hate strawberry. Will not buy again as it is not balance in packaging.
Not sure if cottage cheese is supposed to smell like that, I almost threw up.
Did not taste like I expected
I did not open these right away and when I did they were super stale and was too late to return.
This tastes like straight vinegar. WAY too strong.
Everything was melted when I received it. All stuck together.
This cheese turned green without ever being opened. I just bought it last than a week.
Cannot believe I paid $17.99 for these. No way there are 650 gum balls in here. Very disappointed!
There was not a lot of flavor.
I should have read the fine print!
The Product was Undeliverable
Box came all smashed up and partly open.
Order arrived today . Both can with big dents. Very disappointed
Very bad selection.
Did not like these.  Which is pretty disappointing because Red Velvet Cake is my favorite.
Not fresh.  Way to salty
The items looked like what I wanted but when I got them it was fake labels on the cans.
Read through the sellers answers to see yourself.
Just gross and dry in both taste and texture
The item I got was not the item pictured.
It was opened and damaged
Arrived completely melted
It was not roasted sesame paste.
The coffee is bitter.  Not good
Received this jar with a broken bottom. Will have to throw it away.
Old and nasty and they do not return my money
Lacks flavor and aroma. Go with pellets instead.
Made in China but not listed on product,beware
Not a good combo
The product was so damaged it was rotten when it arrived
This was terrible.  My dogs would not eat it.
I did not get the variety pack that I ordered.
I ordered this 6 pack and received only one package of this item.
Terrible no flavor, weak coffee
CHOCOLATE WAS MELTED!
Cookies are not fresh
All of the bottle were expired and one of the bottles leak out making a mess in the bag.
The packages came with insects inside .
The cup popped open and the coffee grounds went into the cup .
Would never order again out of both containers there was only 1 whole pretzel beyond disappointed
No no no! Not tasty, not chocolate, strange smell and taste. Sorry Lava, I love your yogurts
tasted like playdoh
Horrible product. Expensive and cheap ingredients
If you like pretzel CRUMBS then these are for you !!!
Why not just buy organic blueberries and make your own smoothie.  Alot cheaper I would say.
I just ordered these and they got delivered yesterday. They expired four months ago.
After taste is terrible
Terrible coffee. Very dry grounds zero aroma or flavor.
Beans arrived marked as package of 5 but only 3 in the tube and all dried out and unuseable
My kids are just not a fan of this snack.
Delicious and very fresh just like the old days
Tried it for the first time by itself. Tastes like it smells...like stinky fish water.
These are a knock off Different chocolate Little or no Salt
Was more like paste then chili. Barely could notice the beans. Mushy consistency.
This stuff does not taste good and gave me a terrible headache.
Great flavor, with broken jars not a great value.
They taste like what he will probably feels like
Product had lid open upon delivery with no seal
The pickles are spoiled I want a refund and mail a returned box thank you
Not what I expected.
Sent the wrong rub!
It was stated as Keto meal in my search.  When I received them, they are loaded with carbs!
Not even my dog would eat to much pepper no flavor except for pepper
Product was totally open on delivery. Total waste.
Cute designs, but cracked after 1 use. I returned this item and am purchasing the thicker bear.
Arrived stale. I had to throw the whole box out.
I did not like this coffee at all. It had a bitter after taste. I will not buy it again.
None of the seeds that cam in the package sprouted. Waste of money.
Not what was described. Did not get the flavors shown in the picture
Hazelnuts were stale and 1rancid.  Also, non-returnable!
Half the cups were crushed and unusable
These chips were stale and extremely hard.
Will not buy again. Would return if I could. Tried one package. Rubbery, flavorless.
Taste was OK but isomalt caused severe intestinal grumbling. Cannot use.
Has no taste,nothing like the others which are very good
I bet they serve better coffee in prison. Incredibly disappointed.
if I did not know better I would think they were made out of rubber and paint
Not what I expected. Nasty!!!
I usually like this coffe but if you purchase from Amazon it may be expired.
The taste is horrible
Product is in metal box and I cannot understand how it came all crushed up.
Powder clumps and not a very good taste more bitter than anything else
It is horrible with an after taste  We did not like it at all
This not a true blue color, it is turquoise.
Tastes like tootsie rolls. If you like tootsie roll coffee you will love this.
Both boxes of cones came all broken into pieces.
Can arrived completely crushed.
Products taste awful, not worth it, do not buy.
Cookies were all broken up upon receipt.
I need a replacement!!
Price is high Not worth it
Dislike melted and smashed flat m and ms
I remember this as a kid and liked it.  The 6 pack I bought were expired. 
Was not worthy of the price
I was expecting something tasty but this had like no flavor at all!
should have listened to the reviewer that said they were stale because mine were - yuck!!
Strawberries were soggy. Chocolate melting. And it took too long to ship.
These are dry, grainy, tasteless, expensive. That is my HONEST OPINION!!
This product had expired and was still shipped to me!!
Not for me. I do not like the taste of it.
Cute tin but few chocolate and taste gross.
100% scam Do not buy
I used to love these when I was younger. These tasted old as heck
But over priced!
so disgusting. would not recommend unless your favorite coffee is from the gas station.
I did not get the pkg and I can not reorder it
They did not  have much taste.
My dad ast purchase had damaged/broken seal under the plastic caps. I was denied return /replace.
This tastes awful!
Worst tasting cake mix
If you eat this, you hate yourself.
I loved them.  Shimmer color
Oily  no cinnamon taste
These are not good protein cookies. I prefer other brands.
Probably the worst thing I have ever tried to eat--had to throw it away.
They were old.......
This was wilted and bad the day it was delivered.
I only had 1 bar in the box and was charged over $30.
I guess if you would like this kind of drink it would be OK my roommate thought it was soda
They were so small and after they were air fried they were soooo dry....I will not order again.
Very messy after brewing. Coffee grounds all over the inside of the Keurig.
To large and dry
Very medicinal aftertaste. Celestial seasoning Apple cinnamon is much better.
Came crushed into crumbs, therefore inedible and unreturnable.  Threw them away.
Not good. It is very weak and you need 2 bags to get even a somewhat strong flavor. Skip this one.
Coffee tasted awful. Cannot even drink it.
Not as it appears in the picture they are maybe 1.5 inches. Total waste of money.
ONE CAN HAD A HOLE IN IT AND THE OTHER TWO WERE BADLY DENTED.  COULD NOT EAT.  ZERO STARS
Severely dented cans.
Received this today, 1-13-2020. Expiration date on label is 1-21-2020. Waste of money.
Best Buy date is March 2022 Received July 2022 Unable to return
Infested with spider mites and dying after a month :(
Almost expired All items are close dated to expiration date..
Did not taste good at all... I was unable to return. Whole box went in the trash.
Terrible!  Chills burned my mouth!
Not special and if I could would return. A cheap mix taste
Horribly melted&stuck together in a clump. Do not order during warm months.
I was so excited to try this. This tea tastes like normal green tea. I do not taste any strawberry.
Every bag I open was stale and had a funny smell. Just awful. I was refund ..
I would give 5 stars, but bag was ripped upon arrival and granules spilled out everywhere.
This frosting tasted terrible. Next time I need frosting I will make my own!
I ate 3 of them before I realized that there is a hole in the bag and there is candy everywhere.
Did not like they were soggy I could never get them to crisp up without burning them beyond eating.
Chocolate had melted and was not eatable.
This snack mix is good but wait til the greed subsides....price gouging at its finest!!!
Too dry and too many small, unsatisfying pieces. Not flavorful enough either.
Rusty tin cans located in package, and stale. You can buy them fresher from walamart, and cheaper.
Had on my chef salad and ruined it.
Very little meat on hawks and smoke flavor had no depth. Very weak.
Would not bother with these.
The gummy sticks were hard as a rock, very disappointed.
The package was not damaged but all the containers were in small pieces. not good at all.
The order was to include 25 bags of chips. I only received 22. What a scam.
Box came totally flattened and open.
Box was damaged.  Could not use it
They took a long time to chew ,very disappointed
I could not eat it. Terrible.
As hard as rock.  Not the same product we were accustomed to and expected.
Came completely crushed into pieces. Had to go straight in the trash. Waste of money
Too much ground corn
They came leaking all over the box. When I looked closely, they were all spoiled and green!
Product came stale and the chocolate was discolored.
I cannot believe I paid almost $20 for just a packet. Not worth it obviously!
Very chemically, tastes and smells booty!
I would rather make oatmeal from scratch, no need for so much salt, in such a small pack.
The box must have been thrown around all the crackers were brinen
The taste of these is horrible. Love energy drinks but definitely would not recommend these.
The taste is horrible. Both these and the watermelon taste like chemicals. I do not recommend.
I only received ONE bag, not the TWELVE that I was supposed to get! This is a total rip off!!
They were much smaller than typical fire balls and the cinnamon flavors lasts about 2 minutes.
Had ants in the with tootsie pops, I was unhappy with that.  Martha
I thought I would like this but did not it was not for me
Chips arrived expired. Very disappointed
Made me want to PUKE
This product was full of worms  The unopened packages inside the tin had worms
I was delivered expired product- January of 2018
I would not recommend. Expires within a week. Came smashed. Do not bother buying
I did not like this product.  When I bought it, I thought it was something else.
"This is not a ""mild"" salsa."
I will stick with PB2/PB Fit.
My whole family agreed these are gross.  Ended up tossing them in the trash.
not worth it.too too watered down  even though the price is less  .
They taste horrible. Try Quest Protein Chips instead.
Only received 1 box but I paid for 6.
Tasteless and fake orange juice flavor.
Smallest bag ever and no return? Sinful
Product of China
Nasty candy from China!!!
Taste like chemicals. I had to throw away.
Got it today on the 29th of August and it was over ripe almost to the end of death. =\
I ordered blue hydrangeas and got white which is really messed up.
Do not buy this unless you are buying it from fresh. This will come expired. Waste of time.
Bitter and nasty.
Smallest box of candy ever.  No way there was 4 lbs in there!
I received mango dried fruit from them..very upset over the mistake
Too sweet! Taste like pure sugar instead of guava. I would return if I could!
Very bland.  Would not buy again
The package arrived with a hole in the bag so I am unable to use.
All the guns were hard. They had no flavor. Super old gum
Not good at all. I tossed it.
I am 99% sure this is dog food  Disgusting
This stuff was gross! Tasted like bathroom cleaner.
nasty smell , odd flavor! not smooth
The product was send in normal package and on the container label it is kip refrigerate
Looks, smells and tastes terrible. And I will eat almost anything. Do not even.
It is an acquired taste
What is the hype about this stuff is nasty !
Terrible! Receive the expired product!!!!!!
As soon as you open it, you have about 2 minutes before it gets flat.
I like sweet stuff ... but these were way too sweet.
Product was broken . All liquid was inside package . Unable to use very messy sticky disaster
I have loved there other vegan jerky but this one was so nasty we just threw them away
My chips are all flat
Stale candy, not suitable for gifting.  Please refund my money.  This is my third request.
Do not worth the price
Portion is small flavor is slim to none and not worth the price
Not sure what the full shelf life is on these but they are stale and expire in less than 1 month
Bad flavor, it is not aged from 2006
I received an incomplete open box
This bubble gum is old and falls apart when you start chewing and has no flavor!
All the cans were flat with no carbonation
Who is buying this at this kind of price? wtf
No flavor so really lose my money because I am not drinking this
Not hot, overly salty - got a refund. Do not waste your time
Kangaroo package stick was all bloated, exp date is April 21.
We smelled ammonia and threw them away.
Small cans. not worth the money. They did taste good just cans were small.
no where near as much candy as it should be for that price. DO NOT BUY
My whole bag smelled spoiled had to throw away.
I liked that they arrived on time. I did NOT like that they arrived broken and in pieces.
We just do not like the taste of these.
This coffee is bitter and does not tast like carmel
I had ordered two bags of this seafood boil and it made me sick will not ever buy again
My coconut stripes were stale. Hard and tasted very old
Arrived as one big lump.
Product came in damaged... need replacement or refund!!!!!
Paid $19 for just one pack when I should have gotten a total of 8.
Dissappointingly hard and not fresh.
This is the worst coffee I have ever tasted.  Every pod is way too strong and tastes stale.
WAY WAY WAY too over priced!! 10 Thumbs Down 
Sent this product as a gift.  Disappointed to learn it arrived melted.
It says pack of six and only recieved one pack. Not sure how they taste yet.
This thing blew up in my face when I opened it up!  Coffee grinds went everywhere.
Majority of crackers were broken. Not worthy of purchasing.
All bags were stale!  Had to throw all of them away.  Very disappointed
Over priced for product
Completely tasteless, sorry , but it is what it is
Cancel order, not what I expected-Joseph Henry.
really bad quality, all bunched up together and taste like soap.
Sorry, It is not my favorite taste.
All the cans where completely dented and the labels destroyed.
There is nothing in description about salt!
This chai was terrible and expensive.
This no where said it was Gatorade zero but that is what we recd.  refund needed!
Very stale and unable to remove from wrapper.  Very disappointed in purchase.
No one cared for this product.  No flavor.
Check the box of what you use now, definitely not a 90% reduction of carbs
Used for Easter. Poor quality.
Scratching my head on this one!
These spoons all came broken in several places so they cannot be used. Very disappointing.
This is a joke for the price. Tried to return and found out it is not returnable.
Not good would not use in my food
Pric is good but I detected a metallic aftertaste. I will not order again.
Yuck! All I can taste in the artificial sweetener and the kiddo will not eat it.
The cardboard box would have tasted better. Being healthy is one thing, eating this is just wrong.
Received two and both were about half covered in mold (see picture)
I hate the taste. And a little DOES NOT go a long way.
They tasted old, way too much $$ for amount of chocolate.
Ordered this, but received just Strawberry filling!
Tasted awful and old.
Overpriced for what it is.
It has a bitter taste. Complete waste of money.
Bottles leaked in box and there were mold on the seal
Not it is not  Extra Lean!!! A lot of fat and hard pieces
They were all crushed on arrival.
These taste great but were broken into pieces in shipping!
This was a very disgusting product. Will never buy any Tyson chicken product again
Not happy with these drinks at all would not purchase again .
Stale and hard as a rock
It was hard already
Weirdly sweet. Maybe it was just the flavor I chose. Did not like
Even after shaking the protein drink, there were small chunks in the drink!
Nasty. Tastes artificial.
Absolutely NO flavor.  Tastes like cardboard.  No value here.
Has no flavor.they are terrible.
Every package was not fresh! Very Stale!
Arrived completely moldy 
They have no taste!! Not at all peppermint!! Waste of ,, a 
This is not the jerky we love in the states
Yuck! All of the sweet drops I have tried have such a bad aftertaste.
Very little flavor. Very disappointing
The PRICE---------------------
They were all falling apart in the bag when I received them, not worth the money at all
This product was really bitter.  I hated the taste of it and will never buy again.
Received it on 6/26/19 but has an expiration date of 6/20/19. I did not even bothered to try it.
Product arrived open in the package. Unusable!
seems like they had been sitting in warehouse a long long long time...stale
I would not recommend. This tastes like nothing I have ever tasted before. Definitely NOT tzatziki !
These arrived totally black and inedible.
I was disappointed they were stale and no return policy
Amazon refunded.
Nothing it was nasty
The flavor of wintergreen smells like bathroom cleaner and totally inedible!
The order should have 12 bottles of tea, but only 11 bottles were delivered.
Tasted like bird food! Spit it out and threw the bag straight in the trash. 
Everything about this product is bad. Do not waste your money. I wish I could get my money back.
Not the correct product.  Diet Mt Dew NOT MT DEW ZERO
Tastes like a loaf of beef. Not good.
Spring roll wrappers were obliterated upon arrival  Just a bag of rice wrapper crumbs
They smell good, but they taste terrible!
Arrived completely melted and not edible.
These dry, dusty pillows of capers were disappointing.
The candy had expired April 30, 2022 and I just received it June 15, 2022..
Chocolate must be years old - chocolate was almost white in places  Disgusting
Why did I only get 11 bottles? Paid for 12. Disappointed.
Just really bad I wanted to throw up after one bite definitely old chocolate
I never take time to do reviews.  This coffee is so awful I had to.  Do NOT buy this.
Taste like they have been over cooked.
every single individual package was falling apart just picking it up
All most of all leaves were turned black or half turned black. I literally trashed all of it.
In order to conform to Amazon policy I will say that I cannot say.
This was already rotten by the time I got it.
many duplicates and most very bitter coffee
Items arrived dented. Shipping box had no issues. They were shipped this way. Dented and unusable!
The zip lock bag does not seal. All the almonds spilled out.
Smells like cider, but tastes like water. It is basically potpourri- not drinkable tea
The flavor is not good.  I was very disappointed.  Very pricy for the size of the product.
The topping was runny...what is the deal?!?!
Way to sweet flavors are all horrible
I received this order on time. The consistency was good,but the smell was awful!
Hardly any in packs at all. Little and maybe 5 pieces of that. And by pieces, I mean itty bitty
You might as well consider these a laxative. They destroyed my stomach and made me feel ill.
Rip off! $3.00 in product for a $15 price tag Not eligible to return either.
They came smashed and the box looks old and miss held.
Disappointed expiration on both packages and candies had melted together
Horrible service and do not trust the water at all.  Covered in dust and mud all bottles.
I may of got a bad batch not good what I got
Taste burnt. Cannot eat them
Coffee was not fresh, rancid taste, stale smell. Very disappointed.
Hated everything about it
Bag came opened and cotton candy was hard as a rock
10 of the 12 cans had deep dents that make it unsafe to use
Price was right but tasted  old
Tastes HORRIBLE and looks gross too.
Could not exchange or return this product. Arrived non edible! Do not order here.
I would not recommend this product. Very dry and tasteless.
Butter popcorn is ok, white cheddar has almost no flavor, caramel tastes HORRIBLE.  burned tasting.
Ugh!!!  Tasteless!  Awful!
Taste and texture were disgusting, straight in the trash.
Not worth the money.  Cheap candy and the first couple of pieces were open and some were stale.
The product arrived in general mail, crushed and flat. Very messy when opened. Too crushed to eat.
It was horrible!! It does not taste anything like good old Indian Corn.  Do not waste your money.
Does not taste like anything. You have to use so much to get any taste.
The chocolate flavor is much better than Vanilla.
Did not have a flavor or it did not smell like strawberries. Would not buy again.
front label states organic ginger, back label states it is cinnamon ????
This is the worst! Extremely salty! Leaves a terrible aftertaste.
Too much bread which takes away the flavor. I would not buy again.
Too sweet..just drinking it now to finish it off!
I threw them out
Too much hair on product. Needed to be cleaned. Ruined a large meal.
Bitter and not any flavor.
I ordered the variety pack and received ALL Himalayan salt! Very disappointed
IT WAS ALL MOLD!!!!
Nothing to rave about. It was alright
Gross! Watered down and just not a good taste!
This was cheap and bad coffee. I would not order again.
Product description states 12ct (pack of 4). I received ONE PACK OF 12, NOT FOUR PACKS OF TWELVE.
No taste. By toasted and salted.
Not very good tasting. Will not purchase again.
Half a bag to sweeten 16oz of tea; I am exaggerating, but you get the point
these are not the giant pops.  Complete waste of money.
They are seriously finger food sized not for sandwiches
I ordered this sampler but only received the Uncured Bacon. The other 3 were missing.
I ordered this item for a friend but the flour came with bugs.  See pictures.
Purchased this as a gift. Arrived smashed. Not giftable!
does smell really good though which sucks even more
My watermelon was soggy and seemed to be old. I ordered 3, they were all the same.
Ordered a bag of these chews whole bag was stale hard and had a funny taste
Both the garlic and container arrived crushed with no option to replace or get my money back.
Something does note taste right
It tastes burnt.
These are not spoiled yet according to date stamp but they curdle and taste foul.
Not the same not a very good replacement
Fraud! THE ENVELOPE WAS EMPTY. This is clear from the photo of the item on my porch
This item was promoted as a dual-item (2) for $14.99.  I was charged for each one at $14.99!!
I love this tea but, WTAF!!!!! I ORDERED AND PAID FOR 6....and got ONE!
This is terrible texture & taste awful. The texture is gritty grainy & not pleasant to eat.
Was not a fan of the taste
Terrible.....all the chocolates had fallen to the bottom of the nativity calendar when it arrived.
Not worth the money
This is very bitter coffee.
Easily broken whilst opening from package
So salty it burns my mouth
Eww, taste like it has sand in it. Will not buy again. Waste of $ because I will not eat them.
Really rubbery with zero flavor. The thickness is indestructible.
Candy was stale. Last years Halloween stuff?
The new is better
ordered pudding and got a pie. price is high for wrong product.
Rice thins with the tiniest hint of almonds. I paid for almonds and got rice flour.
Very upset this is what they looked like upon arrival, certainly do not match the picture.
DO NOT BUT THEY ARE EXPIRED!!! Yuck!! Waste of money 
Broken up on arrival and not able to get refund.
This hot chocolate  has no taste  at all I hsd no idea  what I was drinking
Very disappointed that these arrived stale.  Old chocolate is not good chocolate.
I wasted $60 of flower and the cost of this cherry cough syrup tasting gritty cra@!
The taste was what I imagined to be similar to if you put dog poop on a cracker.
It is almost expired I tried to return it but they will not let me
3rd time I have ordered cans and the last. Twice now every can all banged up,dented, missing labels.
Was not as good as I thought it would be.
Licorice was hard. To HARD to eat
Disgusting product obviously the makers do not care about having a good product.
Wrong item received
This came with a ton of spider mites. Nearly dead after 2 months... horribly infected
Dry as dirt and dirt tastes better.threw it in trash after one small sample.
$14.00 for a 32oz gatorade! Who is buying this stuff at these prices!!!
Incorrect product description only receive one item
Terrible not what I expected
I cannot taste the flavor of the coffee, 1% coffee and 99% cream and sugar, I feel disappointed
Price is ridiculous!!!
Not worth the money, some items not healthy.
I did not realize these bars came from China.
product was spoiled when received.
This is exactly what i thought i was getting.
Save your money. These were so bad I tossed them out.
Tastes burnt, will not buy again
Falsely advertised
do not like the taste of this brand
gross and inedible.
The rose petals were brown and crunchy. A complete wad of money.
never received the garlic sea salt. Received sea salt.
Shrinkflation is REAl!
Candy seemed stake and it arrived a day late, not in time for Halloween. Wishing I had returned it!
not very good at all
Total disappointment! Did not work at all. Waste of money
Not a hit in our house, very chewy/crunchy. I wanted to like them, but just did not.
Chips are extremely greasy.  There is literally a pool of grease in the bottom or the bag!!!
I did NOT like it at all. Poorly made rubbery texture. Nothing is ITALIAN about this
Omg it was chewing on a piece of plywood! Love the bread but the pizza crust was awful!
I love KIND bars but this one is wet, and sticky. It just falls apart and leaves your hands a mess.
Did as instructed, all plants died.
Looks like regular brown sugar, not gold at all. Very unhappy.
I thought it was awful. Like canned cheese with pimentos.
The honey mustard flavor is terrible. It has an eggy odor.
Did not like the taste at all
Pods explode in coffee pot leaving grounds all over pot and in the bottom of cup. What a waste!
I love jerky but this was horrible. Rubbery tasteless.
Total rip off, I will never ever purchase from company, and I will report this issue as well.
the product is expired and there is no return
We received valentines packages candy and unfortunately they are already stale
They were extremely bland and tasteless
These came open in the box. Both the lid and seal were open.
The candy tasted like it was very old
Flour have Sands. A lot of sands.
Terrible. I think they are oldtaste gritty...not happy!  Do not buy
Received and the best by date was the same as delivery date.
They taste horrible. Mushy. Could not eat a whole can. Had to spit it out. So disappointed.
The dressing tastes spoiled / old
The product is fine.  I want to cancel it.  We have enough!  It will not let me cancel!
I stopped after trying two and threw the rest out
upon opening the packaging, both jars were opened and all over the place.  complete waste of $
Product was tasty but can came with heavy dents.
This is not really flavored like coffee at all
Cap was damaged, so lid would not close, and seasoning was stale and old.
I threw them out after tasting one. I will never buy these again!
Listed in passover section came with no passover certification
Too bad, because it looked good :(
Not good at all. The icing and cake are very hard and feels like eating just a spoon of sugar.
In the past, I found Colavita flavorful and good value.  No longer.  Had to trash the new bottle.
I hated it. Have no idea why people gave this high stars!!!
Did not like the taste personally.
"This item was advertised as ""new"" but what I received was just the same old one."
Oddly this was really too sweet and there was a grittiness to the chocolate spread underneath.
Horrible product came molded
Lol wow I get these for a few bucks plus tax
Are these the ones that are made in China and have a recall because it contains arsenic?
The lid was broken, causing a leak. I cannot even return the item or receive a refund.
Two jars were smashed in the box :(.  Delicious marmite littered with glass shards.
I ordered a pack of four but only received one.
Product is stale and caked!  Went straight to the can.
Crushed, leaking.... again. Unusable.
The candies gave me severe heartburn.  No other peppermints have ever done this.
This flavor is gross, skip it for sure and buy lemon/donut
Taste like powdered bark, or gritty dust, with *slight* added cinnamon flavor. Perhaps stale . . .
Way too sweet for my taste
The chips were stale and I will never order them again.
Flavor was okay but the pieces were so hard to chew.
This stuff is awful. It does not mix well, and is not like HWC at all.
These showed up in a mess and there is no option to return or replace.  Total waste of money.
Tasted old Ed smelled worst chocolate covered pretzels ever
Chocolate looked old
Too much money to little product
I usually love tahini but this one has a burnt flavor. Not good at all!
Quality seal had already been opened. Pepper spilled in package. Will have to toss. Do not order.
Wow. The tase is terrible.
Product was damaged with 2 of the cartons contents spilled all over.
It is thick like glue a waste of money does not spread ripped the cake
The flavor is terrible, not one mushroom in the whole can. Threw this stuff in the trash!
I  only received 1 box there was supposed to be 3
The fruit was too ripe.  Not possible to eat it before it went bad
Bag was full of fruit flies.
Candy was stuck together
Why buy this product when I have to add the fruit ???
Sorry, they were just gross! Nothing against the seller!!
would not recommend
Bought for meals Disappointed the Flatouts came stuck together
Has a date of best by 06.08.22
Cannot describe the taste. Just awful. I threw them in the trash.
Looks like dat food pellets not any tea! Definitely will not be ordering again!
bananas were small and complete green.
Apples arrived rotten and moldy. Not for human consumption. Waste of money.
The size was definitely not worth the cost. So disappointed!
Came stale and stuck together. Do not waste your money.
The M&M'S really did not taste like pecan.
I wish Amazon carried Velveeta slices. Superior to this platicized oil. No flavor, melts weird.
This product smells like pine trees and tastes awful. I am going to assume this product was spoiled.
THESE COOKIES ARE WONDERFUL BUT YOU CAN BUY AT DOLLAR GENERAL FOR $1.72 A BOX !!!
Full of chunks and expired.
Lame. I would not have got this if I knew it was only one.
The overall taste is horrible
After each kid had to clean needles in Keurug
There are bugs !!!! Whole bag of bugs! Do not buy it.
It was terrible.  It has the consistency of water, but does not taste as well
Tastes bad. It is so chalky it even made my coffee taste dry and powdery.
We as a family are doing our best to reduce sugar in our diet. My family loves sweets.
Old expired chocolate never buy again
Beware, this is not the real Maggi, it tastes horrible.
Too expensive for most during this pandemic!!!
All of my spoons came broken and this item cannot be returned or replaced.
after a few chews,the gum stuck to my teeth..not cool!
100% rip off for so much money.  Hope it feels good to rip people off
Not worth the money
It has passed its expiration date by a couple of months.
The little stick came apart, emailed them, never got an answer.
Every box when opened found all graham crackers in small pieces - what a bad purchase
Chocolates were stale and old, unable to return since it is an edible item.  Disappointing
Has no real white chocolate taste! Taste is not as you would expect:(
Has to be the worst fudge I have ever tasted. Do not waste your money !!!!!!!
None of these were good they tasted awful!! Will not be purchasing again ever!
Chocolate chai is disgusting, love the vanilla carmel.
You will never get this water. Do not waste your time and money.
It was dead when I received it do not buy them bad
The package was busted
Horrible never buy this
The flavor is not there and it was packaged poorly and arrived damaged.
I will never make this mistake again.
Product was old, stale and discolored.
Possibly not even green tea, absolutely unpalatable. Unpleasant low grade tea.
It actually had bugs in it, I am so disgusted
It did not come in a pot as described.
Item arrived broken and got the sauce on everything else that came along with it in the same box.
These had a terrible chemical taste to them. I will not recommend this brand to anyone. Yuck!!
All pieces came in broken and with hardly any salt. I sent mine back.
The pasta was pasty and taste was very bland
Very bad after taste.  Grandkids hated all the flavors. Pungent sour taste
The raisins are dried out and old, not even suitable for baking
Really really bad, the first time i have ever spit out food. If I could give it 0 I would
there was paper stuck to the nuts inside gross
Not very good. So sour I cannot eat them. If you like sour you may like them
Most of these would not work in my machine.  I would not recommend.
Super disappointed, I ordered this for a custom cake and they are not teal, they are bright blue.
Small and ALL BUT 2 are broken!!! DO NOT waste your money!!!!!!!
Small bag. Cannot read to words on candy.
SUPPPPER BUMMER. All broken and opened inside of the box. Very sad.
They were expired!!!
One of the bags had a small slice in it. Salt everywhere!
Was expired on Jan 12 2021
still waiting to bloom
I have not even gone through the whole box and all of these expired Jan - March I ordered in April!
They change the recipe and it sucks
The liquid vanilla was not as robust and flavorful as I am used to. The paste is abysmal.
I was hoping to used this tea for my blood sugar but I will not
Look out these expire with 6 weeks! So dissatisfied!
Grapes were old and moldy and soured. Browning.
2 out of the three hams were spoiled !! we had to throw them away !!!!
These are terrible. Very tasteless. Felt like I was eating cardboard.
Th cookies were again melted together!
The product  I received did not come looking like the product in the picture
It is not good for kpod
Unfortunately all the candy canes arrived broken and are not eligible for return
Not as advertised...was really looking forward to these and was ridiculously disappointed
These were awful. Really salty and tasted like potatoe peel.
Box did not come with hot cool ranch doritos.
All the varieties of the beans were so dry. Very weak coffee. Would never give this as a gift.
Shows dust and dirt. Leaves beverage rings
Had to stop Gave me the Green Apple Quickstep
This is unacceptable , the bottle was opened and with a half-used jar of honey.
Bag was full of broken shells. Nuts did not taste fresh at all.
Stale, hard as a rock with little flavor! Will never buy again!
Smaller than the usual grocery store version, dry, crumbly, melty, not good... will not buy again
Box came crushed. It was all crumbs.
Popcorn was not fresh at all was very steel
Old products from last year
It is hard and cannot even be returned.  Beware
The flavor is horrible- not at all like the original as it is labeled.
I ordered 93% for 2 units but received one unit of 73% and another of 83%.
These chips are not hot at all
I received my package of bars on 3/20/21 and the expiration date was 3/23/21.
Candy is so melted it cannot even peel off from the wrapper
This is what we got after we purchased it and received no customer service for it
It was a twig stuck into dirt.
She did not like them
Bag arrived unsealed with chocolate spilling out
Loved this creamer, until I realized it has palm oil in it!
Misleading description, way over-priced! Avoid this seller/product!!!
No flavor at all. Not worth the money! Do not recommend!
Cookies came as crumbs
YA NOT MUCH FLAVOR TO THESE AT ALL AND A BIT TOO DRY.
They were stale and soggy
These were all broken. Ineligible for return.
I would like a refund because all of it was melted through the package and inedible
I only received 1 bag of 10 pops -- I ordered 5 bags of 10 pops!!! What is going on?
Not even close to the flavor.
These were overly ripe and smashed, they went directly from the shipping box to the garbage.
Least expensive but also least flavorful hot chocolate I tried.
It just arrived.  The bag was damaged - I cannot use this.
Just the worse taste ever - and i could not return them - the WORSE TASTE EVER
That both his were open and leaking
I was disappointed because I thought it was the very thin ribbon candy.
Gross, tried one package and threw the rest away. Tate like cardboard
Sorry but not impressed 
It was rotten it smelled awful
So awful tasting. I really really miss Shock Tarts!
Something weird with this loaf.
Just do not taste good. Will not purchase again.
For the price not worth it. Taste not very good.
I think the product melted during shipping. And the taste and texture of the Reeses is very off.
Tasted weird, does not mix well, do not try it with water.
Product was expired
Stevia does not work in dairy foods -- it has a bitter taste.
This has an after taste flavor like coconut oil..
This candy came all melted, it was not edible.
Received it with disappointment. Most of the pretzel rods were broken in half.
Very excited to try but was very disappointed. Has a very strange after taste
Sleep was so strong I had to throw it away
worst tasting frozen pizza ever. Very disapointed
This product has MESSAGE and this information is not disclosed anywhere on Amazon.
Terribly disappointed
It had a very rubbery texture, not very tasty
Item is misrepresented in Q&A section and does not contain 12 hot chocolate packets!
Product is rock hard when you first chew it - I feel like I could break a tooth. Sorry .
This is not the green tea matcha. It just clear watery tea with bad after taste.
They are very loose  and the unit leaks when I use it.  I do not recommend them.  wast of money
I bought this for my husband who is diabetic these cookies are so hard. Not worth buying them
This is pure mush.  I DO NOT recommend this product.  The texture was just gross.
The package came to me opened and spilled in the shipping package.
did not receive the same item, that we purchased
Awful.  Save your money.
Opened box and salt block was broken in half.
Was hoping to find a quick and easy pesto that tastes good. This is not it.
My package arrived with tow broken jars. Will never purchase again.
Over 80% of these sticks arrived broken - very disappointed in this purchase....
They all came damaged and opened
Hard as a brick  and tasteless stale very disappointing
i did not realise how long this would take so i gave it to a friend
Melted into a big clump. I Am using it anyway.
They taste awful
Taste like grass, bad grass the kind that grows on lawns.
Aftertaste was horrible! Too expensive!
This is like instant oatmeal or hot cereal may be . Cruched groats , cannot make decent meal .
This was not good and not worth money.
I like the product but some are made in China! Whyyyyyyyyy!! Will not eat from China!
Besides arriving 3 days late, it arrived a giant clumped up, mushy mess. It also had a weird smell.
The real products are not same as the pictures which are they show to us!!!!
I buy these for the filling. There was hardly any. I have had much better from a different seller.
Shopping is too high for me to even consider buying this.
They had no peanut butter in them nothing but molasses flavor
could not return even though the bag came damaged, and tea was spilled everywhere.
Sooo tiny, wasted my time getting it.  Should have paid more attention to dimensions
i returned it right away it looks fake and it tase like crap i think its all sugar
When I reached in to take apples out of the box my fingers went into a pile of mush.
Most of the candy was bad 4 bars look like it was frozen
It had a bad aftertaste.  Was not a fan.
Product is sopping wet - tea is likely damaged actual packages are moist - very disappointing
Will not Order from this distributor again. Nuts are very small and stale
Flavor is nothing like Nespresso. Tastes like coffee flavored water.
Some sauerkraut taste, but has a very bad taste to it
I got nauseated  about 30 minutes after eating some of this.
Rock hard. Takes about 30 minutes to dissolve in my tea
the jar was sticky on outside and I discovered the seal on lid was broken
The puffs tasted stale and I cannot ask for a refund.
WHAT?!?  This is a SMALL bag.  Do not purchase this!
I am really upset about this item how came inside the box with the seasoning opens all over
Way too much money for the size of the packages!!
Item came busted and the contents were everywhere.
They were not strong to me at all. I even decreased the water and it was not stronger just bitter.
The worst entre from this line. Hardly any chicken, soggy, tasteless rice. Very poor value.
No taste whatsoever and tough to bite/chew  Threw the entire bag out
This item was delivered damaged/unusable and there is no way to refund me
This is bad quality no buddy pay this food
Some very hard chips of chocolate. Not a good product.
Very small Did not do the job and the packaging  leaked
I did not like this product at all. Very strange taste
The K Cups keeps exploding in the coffee maker, I will never buy this product again
I just did not like the texture that much
Bad. Was basically all seed.
These noodles are like spaghetti! Way too thick. Tasteless. A terrible product. A waste of money.
You only live once! Go for REAL sugar! This is disgusting.
Saw dust and salt would have been a improvement.
product tasted old
These have no taste compared to fisher brand.  They are also smaller pieces.
Every bottle is dented.  Not satisfied with that.
There was no crypiness
Very dissatisfied with this order. The Junior Mints are melted and stuck together.
The ingredients were not what I expected. Could not use it
All the candy are sticky! Had to throw the whole bag away
Cheaply made for the price!
Not value for.money and did not taste fresh
Disliked the flavor
We are leery of even eating this. A portion of the liquid leaked out before it arrived.
I did not like this cucumber. It was a bit too small.
all were bad - terrible
Got sick from it
Candies good, but a bit tart,
This is NOT Lavazza Oro coffee.
Waited forever for this.
Chocolate coating kept falling off and was not chocolate anyway.
NO TASTE and two were leaking the juice inside the box.  Never will I order these again.
Did not receive correct amount of coffee, I got two boxes of the coffee and two boxes of green tea.
NOT SEEDLESS Overpriced - undersized - seeds galore NOT SEEDLESS
This was supposed to be a 3 pack order. Only received one box, paid for three .
it came open and half poured out in bag with no returns allowed!
Just got one little boxnot the 12 pack advertised.
These were all open and all candy was broken with she will broken off!
This is terrible coffee. Even the strongest tastes weak. Will not buy this again.
Please. I ordered almond milk and I received chicken broth. What should i do now?
It was not what the picture showed, I returned it
Not the real cafe du Monde.
MAKE SURE YOU DO NOT NEED YOUR ORDER FOR A WHILE. VERY SLOW SHIPPING! 12/5/2014
Very small $1products. not very much in there ,the items does not even add up to a$20 product
This is a very small amount for the price! Very very disappointed.
Awful!! Stale, melted, just plain nasty.
Cans are heavily damaged upon arrival
only received one out of the 2 i bought for gifts. The quality is alright but small.
Received these this morning, HARD as a rock. Cannot even eat them
Absolutely no cinnamon taste in this package; only slight cinnamon smell.
Container 1: 3/4 filled Container 2: 1/3 filled
There is mold in the aloe juice
Gross. No nuts tons of powered sugar. Very rubbery. Not much flavor.
This stevia tastes horrible.
Tasted STALE.  Not much cheese flavor.  Lots of seed hulls.  Yuck.
Two bottles were missing
Did not receive my full order, only received 2 bags instead of 4
It felt and tasted as I imagine cardboard would taste.
These gave me GI upset and I did not like the taste. I gave the rest away.
The black was dried out the others were ok
Too salty. I will never buy this again
This is not monk fruit powder
Absolutely horrid.
Every single pack of cookies were smashed up
I had to get rid of it..... it does not taste like the one I remember.... buy Sadaf brand instead!
Bought six bags and one was completely empty! What a rip off!
The flavor is weak and the texture is unappealing.  This salmon is something you should pass on.
This item not worth the $9.99 they charge super small flowers that get lost on your cake..
All chocolate to sweet. Did not order this product it was a sub. would never buy this.
I did not like the taste of this coffee at all.
Flavor is not nice
Disliked packaging, bags in the box where damaged
It looked weird and the taste was off. I will not buy again.
They were too hard to eat as they had expired. Threw them in the garbage.
The freshness seal was broken on all my containers.  It looked like it hadbeen tampered with.
Tastes nothing like the Olive Garden.
Bought these for a gift.  Tasted them at the recipients home and we all agreed to toss them.
These would have been really cute if they did not come broken apart into pieces!
stay away. I have never seen a candy bar so small
Stale and disgusting , that is why they sold them at a deep discount. I would like a refund!
Easy to use but the foils burst open when in the machine so coffee grounds get into the cup.
This is some BS 2 small boxes with 4 mini pouches do not do it
You can barely taste the truffles. I have had far better truffle honey.
Item showed asMrs Mays crunch and Dole product was delivered
Expired. Disgusting.
product arrived damaged and open concerned about tampering and freshness
I was expecting great things for this product. But it is a big yuck.
I did not like the taste of it.
These mooncakes were already moldy when they arrived, had to throw them away...
Received today (3/17/23) and it expired 9/22/22
Did not care for the taste or consistency of the chocolate.
Do not know why , but the flavor of these cashews was not very good.
absolutely disgusting - worst ramen acquisition of 2016 for me.
Buyer beware! Contains WHEAT! CANNOT RETURN.
It does not pump off the bottle
Allergy to ingredient
very unpleasant smell, will not use for baking bread. Possibly I use for fertilizer for flowers.
Too fishy for my taste and by that i mean disgusting lingering fishy taste.
I personally did not like the taste.
Is really taseless will not ever buy again
Arrived with a leaky bag and very bad odor. No flavor and odd texture.
Do not waste your money. I think this syrup is very gross. It taste like sweet and low.
These break apart after boiling so I would not recommend purchasing
I did not even get to eat them because they were rock hard
Flavorful but these chickens where starved. No meat
figs were treated with some slimy liquid, it tastes really artificial and unpleasing.
Chips are not fresh , we have gone thru several bags & chips are very stale.
Very dry and very little flavor
Go to and arcade and win these crappy toys for half the money.
These did not taste good and the texture is awful. Complete waste of money for me.
I did not think they were this small for $4.99, and can not return. Will never purchase these again.
These were not worth it. I really feel like this product was misrepresented. I will not buy again.
Smell so bad. Still in my cabinet.
I cannot return and it is is moldy and broke. Do not buy!
Definitely a rip off. Do not get it. You get nothing that is advertised.
every other seed is bad
Hits you pretty quick. Will not buy again. Cannot even return.
About 20%of these nuts were rancid.
Bottles are so small 2 of them fit into the palm puff my hand. Certainly not worth the money
Tastes so bad! Would not recommend.
After I purchased this item I read that continued use can cause cancer.  I will not use it.
Sorta disappointed,  they taste aweful!!
I HAVE PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE. IT WAS STALE AND TASTELESS,NEVER AGAIN FOR THIS HIGH PRICE
This flavor has taken the place of watermelon. It tastes like cotton candy. Not a fan.
Canister seal arrived cracked and leaking powder
Post was misleading  $7.95 for 1 box entirely too high; thought it was 4 boxes
The candy flavors are not good. Tastes like plastic.
Says it contains 3 jugs, but only came with one
Unable to use... Ridiculous condition when it arrived.
The bag was not air tight when I received this item so I threw it away.
It was frozen when delivered.
Was looking forward to trying these but they arrived expired and are a no return item.  Thumbs down
Came broken. Glass and honey every where
Tasted bad to me.
All the tops were broken and they were leaking
First of all I ordered tomato basil but received a variety pack.  The flavor is disgusting.
I bought it to eat it but happened candy was melted busted open
We have an oil popper and only about half of the kernels pop.
melted and stuck together
Not a dark roast. Even smells very acidic when first opening the package. Strange taste.
Damaged! Every can was crushed! Horrible and could not return.
Gross... Not much more to say about this. It is just terrible! Do not waste your money.
The product is expired , the cajeta is black, is just disgusting 
Cups are full of jelly, maybe four pieces of mandarin oranges.
Local Wal Mart - $1.68 each
Skinny bars are tasteless, fall apart. Description is not what I received in mail. Rip off!
The ribbon candy arrived all broken
Progressive use to make a split pea soup without bacon or ham pieces. It was so much better
This coffee made me sleepy and grumpy! Will not buy again. Not for me.
The M&M was very stale and tasted like it was expired.
These flowers arrived days too early and they were mostly greenery.  Very few flowers
They quit making it..
Second time I ordered and badly dented cans.
Orgain used to be the best tasting vegan & soy free shake. The new formula tastes wicked bad!!
The product was opened not sealed and the container was half filled.
Surprisingly mushy and with skin falling off the dates--definitely not what one would expect.
The box arrived damaged and several can were busted and leaking.
not sure if i got a bad batch but these are awfully hard.
Came unsealed, dry and hard. Horrible smell.
I love Philadelphia products, jalapeos and dip but this dip had an odd texture.
The maize meal was all over the box and it was damaged
I personally do not like the taste would not buy again
Absolutely disgusting. Bitter tasting. Skip this one.
Package was damaged and chocolate was melted and do do not look right. Does chocolate stale?
Flavor is good but only lasts as long as the crunchy coating does.
I bought 4 packages, they were all very stale
Way too sweet! The sweetness overpowers the taro flavor
The recipient loved the gift and that makes for a very satisfied customer.  Thanks.
What is the biggest rip off of anything I have ever spend money on $25 for 22 dollar bags ridiculous
These donuts came hard as a rock, and were terrible, I will never buy them again....
i placed an order of 2 (pack of 12) and only received 2 - 14 oz packages
I did not enjoy these are all.  Reminded me of slime and not appealing.
Not good hardly any powder sugar on cookies
Did not taste fresh and not enough roasted. I returned the product.
Did not like using them at all. Very had to work with. Would not suggest these to any bride.
All i want to say is: my stomach was not happy
Matzo was crumbled.
waste of money. more ants came in for the food. i did not notice any difference 2 month late now.
Item came broken twice
One of the bottles was broken.
Super expensive for no reason.  Bring back the 24 packs for $34
Cheap quality 3 individual packages were not sealed. So who knows how long those cookies were open.
We did not like these boba, they were not fresh and weee very gummy, almost melted
Incredibly dry, and simply no flavor at all.  For the price, it is straight robbery.
Looked good, had good reviews but it left a terrible taste in my mouth
Received the package with some of the individual cookie packages already opened.
Taste's nasty. Walmart jerky is better. Maybe it tastes better in Texas, but I doubt it.
Broken in little pieces, for almost $10 a box they should be whole.
Product was fully melted by the time I got it.
They were not fresh
Came broken and there was a cut in the packaging
It had a choice of a 4 or 8 pack.  I chose 8 and only received 4.  Now its non returnable?
Do not work in my keurig as advertised and non-returnable, stuck with 50 pods now
Nasty full of nitrates and message
Kind Of sour. Cannot recommendation. Regret buying this as a gift
Strings of gel in this. Hard in some areas. Inedible!
These chips were absolutely nasty!
Never EVER order this.  RIPPED OFF
The petals seemed very faded, like they have been in storage for too long.
This was disgusting. Not sure what the brown is but not dark chocolate!
THIS BLACK CHERRY WATER WAS FLAT. PLEASE CANCEL ALL FUTURE ITEMS OF THIS WATER
Bitter, chemical taste. And expensive, do not waste your money.
Must be old as of June 2019. Arrived stale and has no flavor. Very disappointing.
Do not be fooled by the title. This is for one box of cookies. Ridiculous.
M and Ms arrived today almost the entire bag was smashed. Very disappointed.
Total rip-off 7$ for two teeny tiny pieces of chocolate! Save your money
"Listed on packaging, ones I received "" Made In Mexico """
It is a very small jar of jelly for the price!! Would not  buy it again
Only received one bottle
Very unhappy not what was expected at all.
Do not waste your money one was worse than the next threw them all out is it so gross
Product was damaged and could not return it. Will never buy again
My daughter is so disappointed. Tastes horrible , need return. Please help Amazon.
Very small pack with very few chips, bought at Walmart and it was cheaper there
I got a total of 2 bags for  $12.99- will not be ordering again.
The boxes had barely any snacks inside. Item description is not as described. Snacks tasted old
The price was too much for that small can
Not a great taste. Very bland. More color then anything..
Arrived Compromised, and No Option to Replace Container was open and contents spilled out
Most of the shells were broken and did not have a fresh taste.
Cannot say anything about this product because it was delivered TOTALLY crushed and we threw it out
The bags were so squished together and gross 
Dislike the taste. Tastes very chemically almost
Not good at all. Tried for a couple of chips - ended up throwing it away the day I bought it.
Do not like the taste. Seems gritty and grainy, not in the good whole fiber way either
!0% Kona blend is just bad coffee. Try the dark roast!!
This coffee is horrible.  Weak taste and actually tasted stale.
Too strong color and chemical smell.
The taste was good but made be sick! Cramping and running to the bathroom. Not for everyone.
One star for not providing the ingredients list, so I cannot buy this delicious sounding ice cream.
Very old, hard, discolored. Darn! I was hoping to use them for an event.
It taste like taco seasoning.
Very strong tannin flavor to the cashews. Bitter and disappointing.
I received the package and most of the pieces were broke. So sad
One of the cans had some kind of white and black mold growing in it. Absolutely disgusting.
Syrup on everything.
Horrible. The cookies were hard and the frosting was disgusting.
Shipping box was fine, but half of the fruit cups were busted and leaking.
Daily home use, coffee flavor none existent worse coffee ever.
Joe knows coffee in the dark roast in the k-cups is not good. It is very weak with no flavor.
Totally hate the flavor.  Cannot stand it at all
Like 3 chips in one bag
plastic garbage masquerading as cheese...will wreck havoc on your stomache...I regret this purchase
Received package damaged and broken. Nuts spilled all out of the package into the cardboard box.
No wonder I heard Casey at bat so many times growing up . Damn .
They taste horrible!
PEZ Candy Mini Rolls 70ct.  is the title of this product, but I received only 36 PEZ rolls.
The flavors are awful. Note like a starburst at all. You really taste chemicals in the jello.
It is so bad. Do not buy this. It is funky and gross. Sorry
stinky and weird taste. not for me. i could not eat them
fresh delivered it defrosted threw out
Do not waste your money
Stale. Tasted awful! Threw them out!
Sent to our daughter who told us most of the pretzels were rancid.
The flavor was off and the texture very strange.
This item does not work and is not recognized by nespresso professional.
My product was old and dried out.
It was all fungus.I will never order again .
The steaks are not very good .... they are not center cut and way to much sinew .. tough and chewy
Small size not worth price. If you can go dollar tree you get the normal size portion.
Unusable since open prior to arrival.  What a mess
It tasted awful! I do not recommend.
Product was spoiled
This cheese tastes so gross.  Nothing like land-o-lakes or boars head.  Quality is bad!
Texture was bad. The lye ruined the flavor.
These pecans are very dry, have no taste, and are hard to chew. Not worth any amount of money
Tasted REALLY Bad...
These nuts taste like they are 5 years old. Very rancid taste.
Had to throw it out. Both seals were broken
Not strong enough to pull out money. Not strong enough to stay in cake.
Not happy and no returns!!!
Item came in broken crushed box. It has a no return policy
This product was opened when it arrived. And NO returns. Very very disappointed.
I could NOT believe how empty to package was.  Tasty but a rip off.
These have terrible taste and seller does not allow return
These pods create a mess in the coffee machine and fill your mug with granules. Defective.
Want a refund. Smaller than expected. It is not 21.2 oz
Fine but went up from $17 to $28 in less than a year. No thanks!
This snack tastes like you are eating stale cardboard.  I definitely do not recommend it.
Nice basil, but it is sure not freeze-dried green onions in the bottles I got.
Disgusting and oily, do not buy!
These are the worst vegetarian bacon bits ever, the taste/smell - just awful!
Items arrived shattered
Some of the time stones had to be Glued back in
bad packaging and worse taste
Simply unusable!
These are NOT the cereal marshmallows.  There should be a huge disclaimer.
Will be expired after 50 days! Do not buy it!
The picture in the ad says it is for 72 k-cups. You will only receive 1 box of 12 k-cups!
Taste's like vinegar with no seasoning.
Great product, but arrived damaged
What the header says
Horirble taste, it was OLD and EXPIRED, threw away !!!
disgusting, do not know how these can taste like it went bad
These are not tasty in the least.  Will not be putting them in my rice crispy treats for the 4th! 
Bottle came to us damaged . Was not worth the 14 dollars.
And it was absolutely obliterated.
40% in my bag are hard and darker pork rinds, and it almost broke my teeth.
There was no flavor which was disappointing
There was 2 boxes in the package and most were broken or chipped very disappointing
I did not like it.  This is too tangy and vinegary. The flavors are to much for me.
I'mThese nuts are stale or old.  They were not what I expected I will not buy them again
Melted consistency.  A mess to unwrap each piece.  Will not order again.
Not fresh and was soft and mold inside.
terrible taste, really bad.
Very strange, the.can came without any labels
Horrible; very deluted, not real, not pure, and mostly alchohol - do not buy... You were warned
No probiotics in this yogurt
it feels like its been sitting there for a while. no taste & no smell
No filling. No refunds overpriced, tastes of depression Do I need to say more?
Donno what happened, but about half of these bust open and it is a glob of sticky mess.
All crushed. Will not ever order them again!
Did not live up to the hype, was dissapointed..
Just tastes like coconut. If you crave chocolate add your own or get another product.
Super disappointed that it has soy in it !!
This product of shredded coconut had no flavor at all. I do not recommend this to anyone.
Received the 15 oz in a PLASTIC Jar NOT the 14 oz GLASS Jar that is pictured.  Not the same item.
Awful !! Terrible!
No flavor. Do not bother.
Tasted nothing like any other split pea soup I have eaten. Ate a small amount, then threw it out.
Buyer Beware! Received on 3/20 with an expiration date of 3/28.
This taste like absolutely nothing Except for the weird after taste
after a few months,  bugs or insect flying around the bag when I opened it.  gross
Not fresh Was left in the heat for the whole day
I was shocked at how manufactured and awful this tasted. No!
Very disappointed. It was suppose the be assorted and it was just grape. None of it sugar free.
Did not like them at all.  Very disappointed.
Had a hard time getting gel out of the bottle.
11 of the packets were open and empty
No words, just look at my actual photos.  Gross
Awful. Contents bear no resemblance to fruit. An inedible gelatinous substance. Do not buy.
Seriously, who would want to use this product if it came like this to you?
This item arrived with mild on it!!
Since I could not return. I gave to decaf drinker and they liked it. I will try to order again later.
Barely any seasoning and salt. Over roasted.
thebox was damaged and opened.
The chicken had a really bad smell. I threw it out.
Box was crushed. This is the third time it is happened. Some tea  bags inside weee crushed too
Awful taste . Do not buy
I made a marinade with this but was not pleased. It made it taste cheap.
I would not give this to anyone as it was hard as a rock.
Just received and opened and they are horrible. save your money. Absolutely disgusting
All 6 cans had dents. Had to be trashed. Will not recorder.
Price is too high.
TERRIBLE OLD N STALE TASTING!!! Total 100% Dissatisfied
These are not Organic! Do you see the certification symbol?
Awful came with mold and smashed. Did Not even want to try another one.
These were awful extremely had and half came broken.
I disliked the mold.
See attached pictures...
not very flavorful , lots of air holes
The cakes were uncooked inside Very disappointing because last time they were delicious.
The flavors we are great just did not contain the basic flavors I wanted !
These nuts were rancid. Unbelievable.
I love the honey but it came broke
Did not like that they were broken up. Would like all or part of what I paid for them.
Half of the pop tarts were all smashed and broken when we received them. :(
These were stale and non-returnable.
Blade not sharp enough to grind cinnamon
there was only 2 whole cookies in the package. there were lots of crumbs.
Dough does not stick together cannot roll it. Ended up in the trash
Flat, hard, flavorless. One word, bad.
Can dented badly on seams. I wasted my money . Threw in trash.
This was totally smashed, very unacceptable.
Showed up damaged.  Leaking oats all over.
I never saw licorice that was dry and crumbles into pieces. Terrible!
The off the boxes I received have cups that are old -  powder is hard.
Expiration date is less than 60 days from date of purchase. Disappointing.
This is supposed to be 6 boxes. I only received 1. Where are my other boxes.
I discovered mold on them when I opened the container, the same day they were purchased
Way too thick and too crunchy
Several cans arrived bursted in the box, leaving my other items sticky.
strange taste, cannot even mix it with other BAD
the pour tab was opened and the candy was hard and stale. Really disappointed.
It was not worth the price Not a good value
Arrived busted. Of course cannot return. Zero stars.
Very hard to chew. Flavor does not last p
Yuck. Tried it because it had a nice story. Product tastes like plastic.
Everything was smashed so i could not use it and I cannot get a refund.
the container was so badly damaged,i wrote to them,no responce.,never again.
Had a hole in package and much was lost.
I wanted pink candy and they were more red.
My order arrived crushed and broken, I would not order again.  Disappointed
It was completely melted upon receipt. I could not taste it.
Waste of money - product arrived in horrible condition and is not eligible for a return.
I ordered a case of 12.  I ONLY received 4.
Nasty taste, and smell, let it out for the wildlife to eat (Raccoons), they will eat anything.
Trying to replace and response is nonexistent
The candies were not fresh and clumped together.
They taste the way crayons smell. Gross, waste of money. I will stick to my artificial candy...
Too small a box for money
Throw away  in the garbage.  They were so hard. Afraid  , someone is  teeth  would break.
Guava paste was dried out and crystallized
These taste nothing like pickles and are super nasty. Would not recommend.
Came open and dried up
Coffee good know way to cancelled it coming every month no phone number
Incredibly stale, even though individually wrapped.
These taste horrible . Please do not buy these. No return policy. Tastes like plastic.
Not worth buying
This is just a ball of red food coloring sugar It has not heat and perhaps a hint of cinnamon
Has no flavor, no sweetness what so ever. just got two containers which are not refundable. :(
Arrived open and all over the box
They arrived unsealed with the contents dump into the package.  Is useless
The after taste fromthe artificial sweeteners... Worst Capri Sun I have ever had
Sorry, but all I can say is Yuck. I guess it is an acquired taste.
Will not purchase again. Pete's coffee is by far superior.
Awful.. total waste of money. Some of the candy was opened.. It did not stick together ....
Vase was not included.  Delivered with balloons..  WTH
The powder went everywhere when I opened amazing bag. Cannot return or exchange product
I will not buy it again.  Too expensive.  Not worth it.  I have tasted others not happy with this one.
Heavily sugared. Not healthy. Tastes like cheap candy. The bag says country of origin is China!
Not happy..... most of the candy canes were broken.
Flavor and texture - something was not right.  We have eight bags to throw away.
It was ok but most where broken
I SPENT $40 ON THIS AND IT WAS TRASH!!!
DD hazelnut used to be my favorite but they changed to flavor. It does not smell or taste the same.
I just simply did not like the taste.
This is worst than trying to melt government cheese ... do not do it... reconsider.
Ordered 2 only got one in order?
Only received 1 pack and description says 3  Very disappointed
These have the texture and taste of flour with corn meal.  Not really what I expected.
Was not satisfied at all with this item! Would like a refund.
The normal famous amos cookies are much better. They taste richer.
Tasted stale and to pricey
so going to the garbage as AS HFCS is lab created crap that mercury
I have purchased this item before but this time item was damaged (crumbs).
Coffee good, capsule bad, sometimes leaked
JUST TOO SWEET` GREAT FLAVORE.
Product came damaged, chocolate all melted and all of them were one piece.
It came 2 months late, was 50% crumbs and stale. Will never order this again
Had a  taste like an old barn and had a horrible musky smell to it .
This is a tiny tiny bag. The price is ridiculously high
I only received one package instead of the listed 12. 30$ for one small package?????????
Product arrived late and had an expired date! Not able to use.
yuck! not good - flavor poor, very disappointed in size, only three of my favorite beads.
Broken cherry scented mess, poor customer service as it is a good item
Shriveled and dry :(
Dry, with no flavor.
I received this at the end of July and every bit of it expired in June!!
Disgusting flavor. Tried it once and threw the rest out.
36 bags of expired Cheetoos!.
Only received 10 of 12 in a taped up plastic bag
Just awful. Not like the ones we used to get in the grocery store. Hard, awful taste
Has a really gross taste, not impressed. Near East brand is 100% better.
I let it disolve in my tounge and nothing tasted different, probably got a old packet but i do not know
The mint did not last long at all it was a terrible product
My product was missing the kosher certification
No distinction in flavors between colors
CAME IN STALE AND MOLDY
I have been craving these and was so disappointed that they were stale.
Open and crushed box and it said I cannot return it
I ordered this tapenade because i love spread in my samdwich but this is too salty.
does not compare at all all well with competitors in strength, fragrance, or taste.
Had to get rid of this cereal because of a bad chemical taste.
Product has a terrible vinegar taste, too overwhelming, I ended up throwing out the entire gallon
Really?? I doubt you will out this year at this price
The bag was cut open and half of the product had spilled into the box.
We are these chocolate candys from last year? They sure taste like it!
PACKAGE WAS DELIVERED AND ALL CANDIES WERE MELTED
These eggs were very little and poorly made.
Stale powder no aroma .  The product lacks freshness aroma.
It does taste like bacon, and that is the problem.
Entire bag came melted together...box was taken inside as soon as it was delivered.
product was extremely greasy and some of the packages were open
Did not see the size. . . over $9. . .what a ripoff. . .never will buy again here!
Do not bother with this one
I had one bowl of this cereal and did not want to eat it. It needs a lot more of other ingredients.
Most products can be found at local grocery store
Got a very short expiration date. Mine expire in less than a month
Tastes like medicine nothing like bottled Gatorade.
These candies came with a weird gummy substance all over.  Threw away immediately.
The yeast arrived late and already expired. I threw it away. The product is from China.
the bottle came broken in the box!
The picture is miss leading on the sight only got chips in the box. I was very disappointed.
Colors where chipping off.
Arrived bent. It was only one sided cardboard. Returned it.
if this was hulless i would hate to see it with hulls.  i am sorry i bought so many!
These apples are sour.
I tried this twice & still arrived with crackers crushed
it was Some kind of Raspberry flavor Blue Gum Taste alright but not what I ordered
Disgusting taste and were moldy
One bottle was broken and leaked in shipping.
Cans arrived dented
Very sweet could not eat it
The ice cream was out of date, smelled really really bad, was curdled.
Pack of 1 is literally 1 can paid $7 for it. That was deceptive!
Expire date in 3 month
Turns your fingers and mouth bright green, extremely salty and not edible
Had to throw out- it was just too vile.
These were old and stale.
Literally 8 pops in a bag. Not extra value.
Value for your money is great but the taste is not that great.
No vanilla flavor at all, sad I bought 80 count and I will not drink it.
The tahini is too bitter
These candys are OLD!!!
The product came with the ears eaten off. It did not break because there we no pieces in the box.
Not worth the price....loses flavor in less than 5 min. Too bad because I like the flavors.
Product tasted like orange 
They were stale due to lid being off and we are a gift. So did not give them away!
This coffee is more like a light roast. I would not but it again.
Horrible texture. Not a good quality product at all. Basically it is colored sugar.
You cannot return exchange or refund! So not fair when it arrived broken and unusable. 
Buy it big lots for 99 cents!!!!!
This taste nothing like Earl Gray.  The black tea horrible and the green tea is bearable.
Everything tasted the same
Not really worth the price for these knock-offs.
Stick with Quest chips, these are horrible. These will be going in the trash.
Sent in Padded envelope leaked everywhere..... useable....
Not what I expected, thought it would not be so sweet, but it is probably meant more for kids.
bad test  for me did not like it at all, only good size to keep it in your bag or bucket
Too strong a smokehouse smell, very little maple.
Absolutely not Pho noodles. Those are rice vermicelli. Sending them back immediately
Tastes like rotten tomatoes and vomit according to my 11 year old. I agree.
Drank it before went to work. maxwell house coffee  is better. At least I tried it.
The Bag was open when I got it and all crushed
got two puffed wheat but no puffed rice
Unfortunately was not what I expected, not creamy and flavorless
The cups clogged our machine, nothing comes out and NO REFUNDS!!!!!
Got these for my kids to try out, they are nasty!!!
The product arrived on time, but was completely melted into a big strawberry glob.
Product cane with bag open in two different places and pasta noodles were broke
Horrible purchase, never again will I get these
Taste terrible. Do not waste your money.
THE GUM IS HARD AS A ROCK
Dry and old looking
I thought I reordering Strawberry Jam.
Horrible tasting gum.
It was awful I ended up tossing it out .
Even though I put them in the refrigerator they still were melted and sticky.
It says happy party not happy birthday like pictured which is a weird saying.
It was advertised as 6 count, but it was one. So it is very expensive not worth.
Had one box that the crackers were all broken
Just did not care for flavor, seems bitter
Horrible. This leaked everywhere and inedible. Amazon refused to reimburse
Product box was busted up and product was lose in bag.
90 percent of the candy canes arrived cracked into little pieces and most out of wrapper
This is like $2.50 a jar at Walmart, and this is 4 of the same size jars for $10 ea??
They are stale,  soggy and no taste.
I followed the directions but this product was so bitter that I could not drink it.
It is really really dry.  it is hard like cookie and very dry.  I do not recommend it.
Very disappointing
Yuck is all I can say!!!  All it has in common with Pesto is that they are both Green.
Not what I expected. I had to give this away as it was not what I wanted
Texture is awful
Package was completely broke open
Taste like pure chemical and it lingers
Sun flowers arrived ( DOA)  Please help
Ordered a 2 pack, only Received 1 bottle
Do not by this product. It is not cardamom.
I was expecting strong but the tea was not.  Too much cinnamon.  Did not like it.
I would expect something better...
Will not buy again!
This bottle of oil arrived coated in oil, as well as the bubble wrap that was around it.
Did not care for any of the flavors, the grape is probably the best in my opinion
Did not pop well. Stale tasting and the bag appeared to be filled with dust.
I had this before, loved the taste but this batch barely smells Smokey and sure dose t taste Smokey
2nd year in a row, fruits were small and bruised, everything stail! VERY DISAPPOINTED!
OMGOSH the taste is gross
Basket did not have everything as show in photo and the fruit had brown spots.
Tasted horrible. Awful texture.
Did not taste like carrot at all, terrible taste wish I read reviews first.
The texture is ok but the taste is disgusting!
The ad says it is coarse salt, but it is not! It will not work in your salt grinder.
The chocolate is dried out and inedible.  I will not buy from this seller again
Revolting. Has a bitter aftertaste like you are eating a cleaning product
Product was all melted got a refund
Do not waste your money.  Nasty
I am returning this product. It has no taste and smells stale. Horrible.
They are all dried up and falling apart All no good
Made me vomit,I got rid of it.waste of finance.
The bars are very dry and do not taste as good as the other clif bar flavors.
The taste was awful
Do not eat to much of this stuff it will go through you like water through a tin horn.
Too sweet, I trying to be like more like a pop than a flavored water beverage.
Not good not a pleasant taste
For me,  it did not stop coffee heart burn. Also, taste is blah.
1/2 of the lollipops were broken not a good value for the price. Very disappointed
These in the bulk pack taste like a dumpster fire compared to the smaller packs at the store.
They arrived dead
Eat by day was in a week.  Not good
It was horrible and I could not return it. It was not good had to throw it out
These tasted old & stale
Should be 16.95 per box! Not a deal at all!!!!
Very stale. Will not buy again. I had high hopes since there were from UTZ.
Zero stars, 30 out of 30 candy canes broken.
I love funions. these are not close to funions.
These lemons were not juicy.
Mushrooms are gross.
Over double price of supermarket!! Not as big as in previous years!
The whole box of chips is expired.
"I was unable to use this product at all. This was a ""Hot Mess""."
Can dented on side
Disgusting. This is how it was delivered.  The others were soft. I will not order these agAin
Misleading- thought I was getting three of each flavor, not 3 packages
will not repurchase
Disappointed. Candy is hard. Seems old. Cannot return even if it has not been opened
Recently they have been impossible to open without scissors and also upside down in the box
I should have listened to the reviews that said they were broken. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. Broken.
Absolutely terrible.
Candy was old and stale. Threw it out.
Disappointed, came expired until January 2020???
These were delivered with expiration of same month delivered.
Was disappointed it was paper on a stuck for $10 and small at that will be returning.
The box was crushed and product spilled all over inside box.
awful taste, awful quality..
Coffee is not fresh.
Product was tampered with. Loose tea on top of lid then cellophane wrapped.
All my cookies were broken into pieces upon arrival
I was not a fan of the flavor.
Does not taste like real cherry because it is mostly not, reminds me of cough medicine
The title says it.
Too ripe. We never buy bananas this ripe. And two of them were smashed. Very disappointed.
the Brandy butter was separated and should have been shipped in dry ice
Although this ginger is delicious it is unsafe due to aspartame!
Free pricing for noodles even if they are made of Buckwheat
I think these were not that fresh 7/11s are better
The taste was terrible!
This item came to my house in thousands of crumbs and there is no recourse.  Expensive trash.
Theses are horrible tasting do not waste your money
6 weeks still nothing
I do not like the taste of it.
Arrived open and leaking seeds all over. Unable to return. No good.
Very bitter. Definitely not worth the price.
Did not have same package Unsure of ingredients.
Too expensive, and too hard to chew
Swiss smelled horrible and had very little taste.
Product was soggy, like a bag of wet (meat) noodles. Bummer, I usually love it.
The product stated that it had no added sugartIt had a lot of added sugar.
I love the product, but it took all week for delivery. It was Amazon prime
I ordered the variety pack and received 3 boxes of only chocolate
Very disappointed the chocolate is all out of place the pop out spots are  messed up
The fruit tray  did not have all the fruit.It was missing dates and dried prunes.
Total scam! One can only!
THREW IT AWAY UNUSABLE
Tea is very weak. I had to use 3 bag pet cup. Yogi teas are stronger in flavor.
Thought from description it was mostly seaweed - is mostly sesame seeds - was disappointed
Flowers are ok but the vase arrived in pieces.
Highly disappointed .
There was no candy included like the picture advertised.
This is no smell no taste
Horrible CHEMICAL TASTE
All three breads arrive extremely moldy
worst tasting taffy ever
Coukd not stand the flavors. Tasted chemically
Contained 35 packets not 40.
Dreadful! And I tried them twice, had to spit it out.
Package was *very* poorly packed. One jar broke all over. Disappointed.
Such a pricy snack too damb salty NOT TASTY AT ALL I WILL NEVER MAKE THIS PURCHASE AGAIN
Ordered a pack to try, some cans came empty. No whorls or leaks just came empty. 
The product is overpriced, and not what I thought I was getting, and there is no return policy.
Horrible it was ants in my package so I threw it away
the jar was less than 50% filled-only the outside of the jar had product, the center core was empty
Product said was Tik Toc & was nowhere close. Very disappointed, wasted my money
The bag was open inside the envelope when it arrived
I did not like the taste. It was a little tart.
It smells like nothing. Waste of  10 dollars
Product cake broken unacceptable I want a refund AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
It taste like nothing. Bland
Expensive, misleading product description and almost expired food product. Yucko
Bottle was damaged and leaking
Maybe I need to use more than one tea bag per cup? It has no flavor.
What a rip off! There were only 6 little candies for $28; most expensive present sent to parents.
Did not really like the flavor
Sent me a box of hazelnut not milk. And I only got 6 bags.
They were very stale on the same day as delivered.
I love Mushrooms but OMG these are So Nasty
They are very hard and have an awful taste.
No distinction of flavors and wY too peppery
All jelly beans were melted and I cannot get a refund. Horrible easter gift!
The candy was dried out. It was not soft, like Turkish delights are supposed to be.
Gee thanks for selling us a box of chips that expire in 35 days.  Bravo. Do not buy from these guys.
This was sent when only two months remain to expiration?!
This has a fennel seed/anise flavor. That is not normal to andouille from Louisiana.
It is not what it says it is
No special flavor, especially the expected Kaluha. Zip. Am UNHAPPY, since was given as a gift.
Not enough fruit in the bos!
Over half of them are broken. Unable to request replacement.
i thought it might be close to what you get in a sushi restuarant but it was not
The product made my wife sick, it is just a chemical concoction.
Clogged my machine ...
Dry, tough, and tastes nasty.
Product arrived with mold.
Do not waste your money, a Lipton teabag would taste better
Several bags have holes in them
Every can was dented. Used for making roasts.
This literally tastes like watery old milk and has a slime to it.
This is not from original company in Hue-Vietnam.
Open bottle seal
The candy arrived on time and well packaged but it was old/stale and I threw them out.
Both pkgs leaking and open!
It expired in August. I just received it this week.
definitely NOT Brach's equivalent
It is advertised as a 5 pack, got only one
Do not believe the picture. It is too little. I feel scammed.
Why does this stuff smell like a gas leak coming from the stove? It is horrible.
I ordered Fresh anchovies but I got Sardines
The peanut butter cups were all melted together so they were not edible.
I am living proof people will buy anything, regardless of lack of flavor.
All fruit was old and/or spoiled
Flour was open upon arrival
Just taste different from what is remember in the stores
Cake did not bind it bursted after baking
Worst amazon purchase I have ever made
The bag of dried mangoes came with a whole in it. Unsafe to eat. Mangoes look old and discolored.
Taste only sugar! Not good!
This came to me all over the place...tubs both leaking all over. I threw it away~!
I am just not a fan of the Reeces minis. Taste different.
all cans came crushed
Did not get most of the boxes shown. It was all Chex and Cheerios and you cannot return!
Very, Very, Very high price. Worst!!!
Thought I was paying for at least 2. Should have read the reviews first. SUPER over priced for one.
Most of the cherries were rotten and cracked. Tasted bitter. NOT FRESH AT ALL!!!
No instructions, opened upon arrival. Smaller potions then described
This tea does not have a strong ginger flavor at all! Takes very long to steep and for what?!
Not a good price
product image and description underneath clearly show a 16-oz bag. Product delivered is 9-oz bag.
Very pretty but tasted like a bottle of perfume
Stuck to all my frying pans..what is in this mix..???
Very dried up and tough. Bag seemed a little puffed up when I opened it last night.
Fake rolos not real authentic product
Dried out !!! Rock hard ! Thew away most of it Away...Divinity was wrapped in cellophane.
I ordered whole cashews in a plastic jar. I got a plastic bag with a lot of broken nuts.
Loaded with saturated fat and salt, Gave it to a Food Bank
Crumbled and were very stale We threw them away
So disappointed. It was infested inside :( I was really craving it.
have not gotten any chips popcorn etc. that was not stale  BEWARE
90% water 10% mushy yuck
Nothing wrong with them getting to me but they were stale and crumbly.
Bottle arrived with a broken cap and no returns allowed.
I wanted too return it all I need too say
It tasted gross no matter how little we used in a cup of coffee. I threw it in the garbage.
Terribly horribly stale. Threw them out.
This is NOT gold! It is more of a greenish tint. Absolutely sucks!
Too much sugar added.  Takes away from the blueberry flavor.  Might as well be eating candy!!
I bought this based on positive reviews and was extremely disappointed
I weigh 320 pounds, and these noodles taste so bad I threw them out.
Charging an arm and a leg for something that is pennies. These people are rip offs
Came in broken glass and the seasoning was all over the place
All 12 of the cans were dented. Very disappointed. These must be seconds or discarded ones.!!!!
lacks the robust flavor of vietnamese coffee
It is not keto friendly , it has vegetable oil, sunflower oil and coconut oil
Bag was torn open and all of scoops all over box
Not fresh.  Embarrassed to give out as treats for my sons class.
This product was awful threw out all 3 loaves !!!!
It arrived open and we had to throw it away. Then it said we could not return it :(
The chocolate came expired
I could not drink it- too thick.
Just, such a weird, distracting, unpleasant flavor.
Again, the flavors advertised were not the flavors I received.
120 Crystal Light packets per package per their description but you only get 30
taste not good at all. It feels like eating a piece of plastic or something.
These were RIDICULOUSLY SMALL!!! Very little flesh, MOSTLY SEED. I will not buy again.
Absolutely disgusting. Heavily died with a terrible corn syrup vomit flared.
No a fan at all! I was so excited to try this. It just was not for me.
One jar was open and spilled out
It is just regular popcorn
went bad in 2 weeks in the fridge.
There is no way I am paying $54 for 4 cans of chili!
It was okay clean the toilet just fine.
They came all broken cannot even replace them 
Stuck with it.  Check it out.
Largely tasteless and ineffective. Perhaps they are betting on a placebo effect?
It has a bitter taste.
I will try about anything once but this was a greasy rancid tasting expensive mess.
Product arrived expired.
I did not use this product they dripping wet and smashed boxes I discarded
Do not waste your money.  These taste aweful
The coffee is very bitter and does not have a caramel flavor.
The bag was opened and all the powder was all Over the box , ended up throwing it away .
Pod box read 94 pods not 100. What kind of nonsense is this?  Now it was not such a bargain.
It was bad. It tasted like sugar water, with no blueberry flavor.
I needed to decorate an item with these candies but they are mostly broken.
Product was old and dried out.
bent cans - but beans tasted ok
If you are on Keto long enough you will eat anything, apparently.
The taste of these is awful!
NO! My fish was dry! I mean jerky dry. So disappointed
Cookies were totally melted all the chocolate gone and melted in the packaging
Box came damaged and open .. would like a replacement.
taste like red hot candy
They came to my house expired.
the bottle was opened when it arrived
Worst tasting chips ever. The crunch was great but the flavor was yuck!
Mini size candy bar overpriced was tricked into believing this was the big pack
The price is way to high for the size and quantity of these chips!
I love these chips but this brand had no taste. Will buy again but will try a different brand.
This is literally a small paper banner on a toothpick.
When I ordered it said 50/.11oz packets. What I got was 50/.05oz packets
Do not do it. Seriously.
Product name and the description states 4 pack of 8oz cans, receive a single 8 oz can
mints were A MELTED BLOB  please credit my account
Did not use so can not give it any stars Was not sealed in any way
the item arrived molded already
The product came with 4 bottles but 2 were broke upon delivery
Flavors all tasted the same!
TheSe cookies were not good. They tasted stale
Old product. Not very good
They are not shiny and they are stale
Confirmed that they were pretty smashed up inside the containers. Do not buy these.
Had to lick my bum hole to get the taste of these out of my mouth.
Terrible.  Bustelo
It was too old not fresh.
One of the greatest breakfast cookies BUT in one month they change the price up to the sky!!
This soup did not look at all like the picture on the bag. It tasted horrible!!!
For some reason I only smell and taste cat pee.
The flavor of the coffee is awful, not worth the cheap price on the pods.
The item came practically open in the box and now I am wary to drink it.
I have ordered this specific item twice now. Each time I have only received 12 cans. THIS IS A SCAM
I do not like the taste of this product, it is very strong and as a strong aftertaste.
Light brown Odorless Flavorless Looks like coco fiber & smells like it !
I guess I did not look at all the flavors. The lavender and a few others were gross.
I did not like this product at all. Found the taste awful.
WAY smaller than I expected.
Arrived and crust is all broken up. Cannot use and cannot return
Total waste!  7 out of 8 were severely dented and seller offers 30% refund ....ridiculous!
I hate it because when I used it to make shakes the seeds are too hard to blend or chew
Was bought 2 days before exasperation date
Package broken and 2 cans empty
It is like they intentionally picked out only dented cans to send me
The quantity stated was clearly 6. I received 1
This may be good quality salt, I do not know, but I could not taste any garlic at all.
The bottle came broken and empty.
Did not like. Smaller than expected
As some of the commenters wrote, came hard as a brick! Should have done more research
Wanted 100% lemon juice. This is lemonade. With multiple other ingredients.
Tasted good but they were all smashed, these need to be delivered in a box not a bubble mailer
Horrible after taste. You have been warned.
Salty taste/baking soda-had to throw out.  Waste of my money.
Listing states pack of 5 for $17.95 and we received one box.
Got duplicates contrary to the description. Just not what it says it is.
Cheap, flimsy, and the color looks nothing like the color on here.
Has no flavor or smell.  Would have returned is able to
Over priced and stable.
Dented cans and tasted old a few cans had white film stuff in them so i had to throw them out.
Dissappointed the bottle is broken
These taste so terrible I had to write a review...texture and taste is like moist cardboard.
All 3 were expired 3/21!! I realized it after I made a sandwich that tasted off!
I do not care for the taste of this water
The last package we got was wet and package was coming apart
Pentagon online does not mention this is POWDER or DRINK MIX.
it may be someone is favorite, my sisters lol but for me, sorry it was fishy tasting
Only received 2 box out of 6!!! Supposed to be 72 pouches and only received 2!!! False ad!!!
I was not happy with this product. The picture shows 3 gumball machines and I only received 1.
Damaged cans. Leaking product.
Not the same size as the typical Midgees.
Coffee is great, seller is not.
Contents arrived damaged. Half of the cans were smashed and leaking .
The bag is literally small enough to hold in one hand. Not worth $11!
they were leaking and caused me to get ants and they would not return
Be more specific on your label
The coffee had an unusual unpleasant taste to me.
could not even puncture the top to get coffee
These legit made me vomit... just the smell of them alone... they taste like rubber...  
All the wafers were broken in half..... Dissapointed
It does not fit Nespresso machines. And it cannot be RETURNED!  Ugh.
Completely melted when it arrived. Not refundable.
Arrived in a water like substance awful smell
This is not herbs de Provence
Product look great but the taste is not good.
product expires in 1 week
Expires in less than 3 weeks!!!!  Bot cool.  Received on 3/17/20.  Expires on 4/5/20.
Not worth 20$ also did not come in box came in tiny bag.
I liked the fact they were individually wrapped, however they still were not fresh!
Over half of these were broken when they arrived.
Horrible! Arrived with mold on the strawberries (opened day of arrival).
Fruit was dry. Not fresh.
Cardboard... literally.... horrible taste.
This rice has a warning of chemicals including arsenic. Why would you sell this???!!!
Be careful of ordering. Came in the consistency of water. Cannot use.
candy was all stuck together as the chocolate had melted
It taste really bad. Bitter and metallic.
Taste very artificial & watery, never again.
Horseradish was tan colored, cap was loose and rusted inside.
Not good.  Better options on the market
I thought I was getting two boxes for 11.99, I got one!  NEVER again!
I threw them out. The dog would not eat them.
Wow cheap for seven bucks too cheap made
I did not care for the taste of these.
Taste, and could not tell there was a kick either
Disappointed.  Flavors were not what I expected.  Will not order it again.
Tasted like sawdust.  Toasted them, buttered.  Made no difference.
Dried up.who knows hiw long this coffee it has been in storage.terrible do not ever buy starbucks
Half the pods do not work in my kuerig
Taste terrible and smells even worse. Does not taste like it is an edible product.
Flavor was great for all of them, but they were all stale and extremely hard. Could not eat them
Tasted horrible to us!
The bottles came broken.
Received an empty package
The description says organic but when receive this item it is nowhere organic, very misleading
overpriced! Worst purchase ever.
They taste like a burnt piece of food. Not good at all.
These things are absolutely horrible. Do not buy into the hype. Do not waste your money.
This tasted terrible.
I ordered these for my elderly mother and ALL THE CANDY WAS BROKEN.
Does not melt taste like plastic waste of money.
I am afraid to eat this because of the dents in lid and color of product
My package was delivered open.
Tried different ways to brew and nothing reduced the acidity
may have been good if it would not have come partially frozen
Looks like the product is open up
Product is perfect
The chocolates were melted
"They had NO flavor at all.  Looked and acted like ""Mush"", wasted purchase."
The only issue was that it was totally melted so I could not eat it
I disliked the fact that they are bitter and have hard pieces in them.
Only gives half a cup. My Kurig perks a full cup of other brands but only half a cup with this one
8 out of 12 cans seriously dented - where is the quality control? Unacceptable
These taste good but the texture is very hard. It is like stale regular licorice.
Did not care for the taste.
So far not impressed and have a stomach ache with the chamomile one.
The dressing bottle was all wet .
Who could drink this stuff??
The box was short on creamers and there where no sugar
You cannot even taste the truffle in it all you taste is salt complete waste of money
The candy was kind of stale.
no flavor, a waste
These bags bust in the water Horrible product
Do not waste your money and time.
was slimey could not even take a strip without it shredding. Paper thin & gooey...yuck
Rotten cantaloupe with mold on it already growing, lots of soft spots
This item arrived completely melted
This alfajore tastes very sweet. This is not how an alfajore is supposed to taste like.
Bought 3 all broke within a week Do not buy
I hated it. Taste terrible.
These were stale and nasty. I ended up throwing them away.
Loaves of bread were moldy when I received them.
Beware. All this money for only one box. This is a scam
Just received today.  Expires this month and Amazon says it is not returnable.
Small portion size, off flavor, hard texture.
Ridiculous amount of sodium heart attack in a pack!!
They are not good anymore. Complete air
I was very disappointed.  It is not very cheesy.  Will NOT order from them again.
Opened this to a very bad odor.  NOT what I expected.
Nothing was nasty.
Should of been packaged in dry ice. Came to me in a big glob.
yuck, they taste & smell like vinegar....$10 down the drain.
Repeat buy; never green. Needs competition.
I enjoyed these bars but they have a bad affect on my system. Even half a bar makes me go.
dry, way to much money for what you get. in my opinion
Total crap.  Tastes like crap, do not recommend nor would ever give as gift
I did not like the flavor of this coffee...
These are too minty not buttery
This product contained grain weevils.  Not useable.
Sent out of date product
This has as many carbs as drinking a coke.
All my candy is bad
Box and K cups were damaged. Box appeared pre-opened. Did not feel comfortable consuming product.
worse bucks i ever spent ! could of made that at home
All I can say here is NO, NO, NO.  Bad flavors which equaled bad taste.  Just NO
I was not sent three packages, only 1 of the 3
The taste was horrible.
I only received 4 crusts and I had ordered 8.
Stale when opened
I ordered pack of 4 but received only 1!
Most people should avoid this stuff.. 
It was supposed to be strips. Bag was mostly crumbs
Did not taste very good.not at all like Jamaican coffee should.
terrible taste and too expensive for what I received
The only flavor that comes through is salt.  Yuk.
Completely mushy and does not taste like it is supposed to.  I am going back to the 2 pound bag.
These are like week old and definitely not fresh!!!!!
Awful. No flavor. Threw away
followed the directions... never sprouted.
These taste absolutely disgusting! What a waste of money!
The cookies arrived completely crushed!
I was supposed to get more than just 3 recees in the box..What can be done?
They came melted and I threw them all out.
It said it was green in side but it is not very disappointing.
They taste horrible not fresh
Much too small, I am very disappointed
This product came open. I could not cook with it to even review.
I payed for 2 bags and only received 1
They are stale taste like cardboard
TOO SWEET CANNOT BELiEVE THERE is CHOCOLATE i DO NOT LiKE.  Hips thank you Lindt
These were hard and inedible.
Leaking all over inside packaging
Received today and the best by date is in two weeks and it is a year old...
Too much smokey taste and smell.  I cannot take it.  Going back to Hormel precooked bacon.
No way to get refund for product damaged.
This is an act of bad faith, send an expired product
Not double shots
2 bottles of product opened and leaking unacceptable
I did not see the label that it can cause cancer and birth defects untill it arived...
It is not the same as it used to be. It is being made cheaper.
Waste of money. Lacks any real flavor.
Terrible and stale!
The tea powder is very stale and looks old.
Stale and disgusting. Would not pay any amount of money to eat this.
My friend said it was horrible and gave it to a charity.
Just received a single bag of this product when it should have been a three pack. 
The jar was broken when I received it and I am not able to get a refund.
Tastes like eating super sugary styrofoam. Would never buy again.
If I could rate lower I would. All taped together and mashed. One large glob
Bland, flavorless, like pieces of cardboard dipped in tea.
All are bitter, no aroma. Worst pods I have tried.
Do not order candy that melts if you live in the SW.  Arrived badly melted.
This was incredibly salty.  Pretty much inedible.
Have not tried it yet,but I only have less than 4 months to use it :(  :(
Received mild instead of wild.
Came in Welch's Fruity Snacks Box, Mayo was half water, half some white blob
I bought this and it had an off flavor because it was made with rooibos instead of tea leaves.
It was okay I like the original one better..
This is not a true extract.  It is immitation!!! Buyer beware
My package was delivered  was empty 
NOT THE SAME PRODUCT AS ADVERTISED. ARRIVED WITH CANS BUSTED OPEN.
Crunchy and broke into pieces when i received. Waste of moeny
Be careful this is ONE bag for that price.. It is a rip off!
It was expired when it arrived.
Horrible aftertaste! Could not eat more than two. Yuck
Not a good taste
Long delivery times.
I cannot return this chocolate is taste like grass coming in really bad condition .
Awful. Full of small bones!!
This is overpriced and tastes awful. The crust is cocoa powder. Truly bad. I threw it away.
I think the product has gone bad. I am almost throwing up
Advertised as manuka honey.  Both sides of the jar state this is jelly bush honey.
I will not buy this product again, I will stick with Via
Disgusting. The candy all stuck together in the bowl.
They where spoiled when delivered so they tasted sour and nasty ../
It was expired....
Baklava was not fresh , will not buy in future, Roger
Damaged - unusable!! Buyers beware this item is not return/replaceable - I guess just out $16 
Ordered 1 flavor of gummies and got another.  Next time going through the official website.
The cookies that showed up expired in December.  Inedible.  Very disappointed.
This item was damaged upon delivery.  Was unable to try product
2 of my bags of chips were busted open  when I received my package.
The product is like synthetic material. Seems like it is only used for dummy models for display.
Does not fit all Nespresso machines. Now I am stuck with a product I cannot use
FALSE ADVERTISING! THIS ITEM IS NOT WHAT I GOT IN THE MAIL!
It is was disgusting 
Tastes great but gives me horrific heartburn and I cannot return it.
Why does everything have to have carageenan in it. This is a killer
It is made of paper and broke immediately
Not an accurate representation of flavor
This came brown. It does not look safe to eat. Cannot even get a refund
A bummer. Most do not fluff up, and the ones that do have a peculiar taste.
The bottle is cracked and the product is not useable.
item came rotten, I have ordered multiple times and most of the times the grapes came rotten
This is terrible!!! It tastes like chemicals!! Do not buy it !!!
The blood hound dogs loved them Not fit for humans Poor Bad
Strawberries were molding by the next day even after refrigeration!
The box is ridiculous to open... You have to destroy the box to get it open.
Powders have a long way to go before I for one will use them. This was just nasty.
Terrible quality! Do not waste your money.
I have bought other starbucks drinks before they were good. This tasted like watered-down  coffee
Half the case was crushed!
Only set one box of 100.
Not only did this not taste good, it gave me an awful belly ache.
Just gross. They taste horrible
Soup very thin with not much taste!
Box torn and crackers in crumbs  Could not turn
Description says 2 6-packs.  I received 2 bottles. For $26?! What kind of scam is this?
They were all broken not a whole cookie to be found!!
It is way smaller in person!! Do not buy this!! Waste of money!!
artificial tasting. I think our order went bad. the drink was really sour
Horrible, they are way too toasted/ feel like a rock and you could easily break something with them
Love this Matza With shipping very expensive
Product was flavorless, stale and expired
Buyer BEWARE! Twice received an expired product! Will be returning.
Once opened had a fishy smell. Jelly like consistency for the rice.
Disappointed in this soup,  way too onion tasting and we actually ended up throwing it out :(
Boxes were damaged. Flavor tasted expired.
Not creamy it was almost hard.
Not good seeds at all. Purchased the 25 lbs bag and at least 50% did not sprout. Disappointed.
6 packages were advertised. On the first order we got 6, second order we only got 3.
This would not work in my Keurig. I had to ship this back.
Probably only 20% we are actually heart shaped. Others were just irregular.
This tasted expired! It was terrible!
Made waffles and it is was horrible
Sounds better than they taste
Overpriced. It is available at local stores for half the cost.
The trail mix was open when I received it.
Is it suppose to smell that strong? The soup tastes okay but was afraid to it it
very disappointed.
This is the bag next to a kiwi. You can get a bigger bag at any dollar store. Deeply disatisfied.
What a HORRIBLE taste!  Definitely will NOT be buying this again!
The texture in this dough is off and so sticky. I threw it out.
I love these and buy all the time All 3 packages were do burnt they were not edible
I had my $ refunded. Overripe. I cannot believe they were available to buy in produce.
This candy was delivered melted and stale. Not a good value.
I did not like these at all.  Way too thick and not great tasting
Really no flavor.  Kind Of reminds me of drinking dirty water. Definitely would not buy again.
GROSS. Taste like chalk and chemicals.
Product was open when received. Not usable. Would like refund!!
Item arrived damaged. Tried to request a replace and it is not an option.
The item was put in my mailbox and candy is melted and a mess. Want refund !
Way too expensive
ALL THE GUM WAS STALE. GREAT WAY TO BREAK YOUR TEETH.
Disappointed in the lack of quality of the bouquet.  Half dead
Mine had white fuzz growing on it when it arrived. never got to try it.
They were not fresh!
Seal was open when received.
Just not good. Trash chocolate. Palmers'ish.
Liked so much at first. 3 weeks later full of moths!! So much for my salad. Sucks!
Very low quality product and over salted! Will not buy them again.
Taste absolutely disgusting!  It left a really bad aftertaste in my mouth.
The pecans I received were rancid and I had to throw them out.
It does not smell or taste like walnuts and has a strange odor and strange unpleasant taste
just awful taste.  how can they sell this to dummies like me?
It was spoiled when i received it. Horrible flavor.not a good value
Absolutely no taste.
Expired food!!!!
tasted like rancid oil, tossed the lot as it was inedible.
Was broken when recieved. Was not able to try it.
Too much fiber?  These give me bad gas.
Buy this at S*** -only $3.99
I cannot even return this! What kind of quality control is this?
The amount you get is SO stingy. It is too sweet. At this rate I will just learn to make my own.
The butter in the packet is very hard
Could not use the product. Damaged and unusable. No chance of return or refund.
Like others, I received mine with a broken seal and powder all over the inside of the package.
Came damaged. Was not returnable. Darn
Swedish fish expired in February. I received the package in April. Definitely stale candy.
Product was heavily damaged on one end of the box- contents were crushed!
Issues with blue mold in every bag of the three I purchased.
an other disappointing product from the orient, nice story but very small and not worth the money.
Not worth the money awfully hard and the bags are small not worth it.
Burnt lip (Swollen and sensitive to everything) and left gum irritated for weeks.
Jar was completely smashed and everything was all over the place .
I received them, they look very dry, but I planted them anyway. They were dead as a door nail.
It was expired!!!!
It was a bag of candy that did not taste very good. I believe it was past it is expiration date
Very cewy instead of crunchy
Not SPARKLE only regular.
The product was good. $19 was way too much. You can find a better price on Amazon.
Sadly, it was stringy and tough.
The order shows Pack of 6.  I only received 1 box
Ad said 6 pack but only 1 arrived.
Package was cracked and nuts had mold on them.
this pine nut to old is not fresh
I received 1 bag. Item says package of 6
Product was all melted
Do not buy this product .. for 10 dollars it is only 1 ounce!!!!!! Also you cannot get a refund
When I received the mayonnaise it had curdled, had to throw it out!
Do not buy cheap plastic broke on the first load.
Garlic cloves were not cut up into pieces. They were whole garlic cloves. Disgusting !
Good consistency, oniony/garlic taste overpowering
I cannot even believe anyone spends this kind of money on a six-pack of soda.  Yikes.
upset my stomach. I tossed them
Stale. Bought for easter. Waste of money !
Came broken and could not return or exchange.
Has a weird oil-y taste.
The artificial taste is very strong. I found it inedible and regret my purchase.
i ordered a square topper and i got a round one! this vendor ruined my cake!!!!!
New packaging has new GARBAGE SWEET formula! Not the same as the OG flavor.
Nothing like what they tasted like when I was a kid. Bummer.
The top was cracked and Broken
Candy bars were stuck to the paper it appeared to be melted and old
The bars I received are not 10 x 200g each, they are only 100g each!
Had mixed suckers included
This product because blisters inside my mouth. I took several day to heal.
This product is advertised as NESPRESSO compatible and it is NOT!!
The horehound drops were crushed and broken i want a refund
I can honestly say this is the nastiest stuff I have ever had.
These showed up very stale and unfortunately was unavailable for a return.
yuk. Not a substitute for bloody mary mix.
Just too hot to enjoy
Crazy!  $7.00 for a can of milk????
The nuts were stale.
Is not compatible with my nespresso
This product does not work. Was unable to get pump open. Cannot return. Will never buy again.
Sorbitol is first ingredient, which causes flatulence and stomach distress in many people.
The figurines paint job is poor quality it is not as detailed as I expected it. It looks cheap!
They are past their best before date!
these tasted like a turkey's nether regions
I only got one pump picture shows 2 pumps
Do not buy.  Delivered stale and with only two weeks for expiration for packaged chips.  Gross.
tastes terrible and does not look like cigarettes either, so. not super fun ):
You may as well drink any generic instant coffee, because that is what this tastes like.
Could not find the reason why my LDL cholesterol was high. This was the culprit.
We do not care for this popcorn,  it is tough and not very flavorful,
These taste horrible and have no flavor.
This was open and had spilled all over the box and the rest of my items.
Yucky!!! My family and I did not like the taste.
Do not buy! This item is horribly overpriced!!!! Total scam!
Pasta box was open
Price was not close to being competitive
Busted bottles and the item is not eligible for return.  Skip it.
Grinders are not well constructed. 1 of 4 arrived with a cracked container
The lid was not closed and there is powder all over the place! I just have to get refund!
I clicked reorder and was over charged for one pack.  It says it includes six packs be careful!
Candies were completely melted. Waste of money!
The bag was a mess chocolate melted
Complete waste of money. The beans are good, but there are not enough for the price.
The product was super stale
The package is misleading Package in cheap plastic container and leaks
Love Edamame, love roasted nuts, roasted edamame does not work!
Do not know yet. Product was damaged. Need a replacement.
Misleading description. Says 10 bars per pack but each pack only had 9.
This product made my house smell rancid. It tasted just as bad. For the price I expected better.
This bag came to me completely melted.
like any other 99 cent pizza, unfortunately, but at whole foods for $5. lesson learned.
I love the Tealyra teas, but this one tastes just like a plain rooibos tea.
FULL of nasty black bugs!!!
Product came and was nothing but crumbles
Seriously, stay near a bathroom
I was not a fan of the flavor at all and returned this product for refund.
They were stale when delivered, will buy no more !
Was supposed to 12 but only 1 was delivered  at $29...
Arrived today. I made one packet and it had an old stale taste and smell.
Are you kidding me? Screw off scalper! Quit trying to capitalize on people's nostalgia!
Yuck. It tastes like the ocean.
Seal was open very unprofessional packaging
garlic is #2 ingredient and not listed in the add.
Did not even get the correct item. Got some random pink plastic bs.
All damaged, horrible ... falling apart and cracked in the box.
came in a bag and all of the candy was sticky. it took 7 days to get here!!! do not recommend
Walmart delivered plastic bottles. False advertisement.  Will not take return.
I received this item damaged.  Quality is poor.
Had insects! Everything goes to thrash. This item was not returnable
This product has only 10 percent Kona but not advertised sa sutch.
This is a $1 product...  it is tiny.  it is colored sugar...  do not do this to consumers.
Not very good at all. Would recommend Lindt chocolates over Meeci.
Also only received 1 in the box!!!!! Not 12 as listed - I would have been satisfied with the 11!!!
These were so stale you could not even bite into them.  Like rocks!
Big disappointment. Salty too,
Tasted like cleaning fluid
Should not shop this in an envelope. The entire box was crushed and open from every seam.
I ordered 12 cans of nut but only got 6I cannot return on this product.
Not what remember. This was dry and tasteless without the soft chew that I was expecting.
expired date less the 3 months away
Only received one 3-oz package.  Where are the other 5 packs?
I ordered a two pack and only received 1 bottle.
The plastic lid came cracked but love the pickles.
Bag was torn open had to throw away.
Horrible.. Taste like cardboard. Dry, no flavor at all
All packs have passed their best by date! Today is 5/18/22 and these are 5/10/22.
This is inedible. It is not eligible for a return. I had to throw it out.
I was very excited for this lemon flavor bar, but it tasted off for me
Arrived cracked and dry. No usable and not refundable
heat with no flavor with and oily after Taste.
All the jolly ranchers were melted and stuck together
Significantly Overpriced for what you get.  It did arrive quickly but never again.
arrived dead no surprize amazon does not give refunds but they let company's sell JUNK!!!
These were gross and tasted like red food coloring.
horrible I would not get these again
Smell is very strong. Cannot stand the smell
Just received my order. I ordered a 5 lb bag but received a 2 lb bag
Terrible give me a headache and the flavor is so bitter
I only received one of the six boxes of tea. Can you replace?
NO TASTE AT ALL!
Want one replacement as itvwas leaking
This stuff is awful, ruined my cup of coffee lol
They do not taste good! Really expensive for what you receive! Not worth it!
No returns or refunds and arrived broken. Recommend not ordering
5 containers unsealed so had to discard.  Cannot eat unsealed food
Looks tempting.. Tastes very bad!!! Bad flavor!!! and too expensive!
Does not taste really good :(
The cookies were stuck together.
Came unsealed and oil seeping through the box
This was not advertised as seeds!
Sorry definitely will not be re-ordering this.  Tasted horrible
Received them Hard as rocks stale.
Great concept but waffles/pancakes come out tough.
I should have shopped . Sams has these for $3.99
Was delivered in a insulated box with a cold pack but was still melted.
received dead and smelled awful..
The jar came opened, very messy!  Part of the jam leaked out :(
Will have to feed to my dog they do not let me return item
Unfortunately there were actual live insects in this quinoa, as seen in attached pictures.
This stuff does not taste good at all. Has a strong artificial taste, did not enjoy.
240 grams for $12. Like the title says .. overpriced and does not mix well
Has absolutely no taste
"bland and tastless.  there are not enough seasonings in the store to bring this ""burger"" to life'."
paid about 12 dollars for 1 box of this milk.
COMPLETELY STALE
"The product had past the ""Best By"" date--could not use."
Package arrived broken and spilled in packaging.
So tough bad quality of meat
These are the little little Crabby Patties 
Product was not safe foe eating after bei g frozen and open
leaked all over the packing and the box.  Was looking forward to trying it.
Old, stale, threw it in the trash
Candy was melting and sticking together. Very disappointed. Came in ziploc bag. Not as shown.
This product claims to be 50% less sugar, but tastes just like the original, no difference.
I opened 3 packets and they are all stale
Weak. If you told me the flavor was mild cherry i would have believed it.  Not even REMOTELY hot.
One part on the package says no cholesterol while in another area it says it has cholesterol.
chips were terrible. Outdated and stale
Do not buy it. It does not taste like vanilla it has chemical flavor.
Good product but it was left in the sun at my front door and the chocolate melted completely
Completely stale. Would not recommend
Very cheaply made and definitely not even worth a dollar Bad purchase
I would not recommend
Not worth of money and it did not tasted as expected.  I am never buying it again.
This product leaves a distinct after taste. Not worth the cost.
Poor flavor, not the same as it use to be
A bundle of stale wood chips
The plastic container was smashed  and cookies were hot and broken.
Did not come with peach as the picture shows. It came with mango. Gross.
Worst product i bought in my life do not waste you money, came broke and expires
Not salty enough
Overpriced. They were packaged well though.
This is not Arabica gum. It has no taste or flavor of Arabica gum
This is Crazy ! Looks like Fungus floating inside bottle Or some kind Warm .
They came in the mail as liquid! Do not buy I had to throw them away!
Very poor quilty! a waste of time cooking for a pile of?
Arrived completely melted!!!!!
some of the chips were stale
Taste was not satisfactory to me would not recommend .
Chocolate melted due to heat or shipping process
Opened or treats for the first time and they are wet with mold.
Poor taste and too chewy.  I plan on throwing them away. Just bland
Cannot taste any flavor to the flavored ones.
Product expired within weeks of purchase
THIS ITEM IS GREAT. FAST DELIVERY AND GREAT SELLER
EXPIRED PRODUCT WHAT IS THIS ODD LOTS?
Fresh and well packaged
Came ripped and I cannot return. Disappointed. Cannot give as a gift.
Dry ice was melted, chocolate was melted and strawberries leaked through the box.
I love pumpkin spice, but these were so gross that I had to throw them away.
They do not look like how they look like in the picture
Tired of reviewing.
burnt ends  NOT  terrible-  not fesh- disgusting
Lid came open and its leaking. ..
Came busted all up and no return option. Thanks a lot :(
This coffee tastes nothing like any Ethiopian coffee we have tasted before. Not happy.
Stale-all bad. I have had this product and it is not like this.
Nothing inside the box was super sour. Disappointing!
Stale, waste of money
Every single chip was broken
Tastes funny to me .Will not be using this stuff.Maybe I can give it away.Too each their own.
These taste nothing like the 16 oz cans found in gas station stores. Would not recommend.
Theses were disgusting. I liked other snacks from this brand, but these were gross.
sweetener everywhere and its a non returnable item! ??!
Horrible tasting
Not Red Bird. Generic and much harder than Red Bird.
1 seasoning overpowers everything it is all you taste.
When jiff had issues I bought I would not buy again and am now back to Jiff
This came damaged and nowhere does it allow you to return
not what i expected at all
A different product was sent than advertised and I cannot return it. This is not what I wanted.
Like eating strips of brick.  You would be much better off eating shoe leather.
Like little chunks of rubber. Not chewable
This product is no different then table salt. A complete rip off for 12.99. I want a refund.
NO FLAVOR....stuck with it now!
Not eligible for return if something is a problem.
They felt too dry
Broke first time using it. Handle popped off the back or the unit and made the trigger not work.
These are rock hard around the edges. The box is crushed. I am incredibly disappointed.
My son did not care for this tea flavor.
These arrive to stale and tasteless. Not eligible to return so I am out the $ 
This item does not have expiration date on the box. How can kids play and eat with it?!
In my opinion , not a tasty beef jerkey.
There is nothing I liked about this product. Will throw it away.
Tasted like gue not lime or anything nice at all
product is great. But thanks Amazon for sending the item with no lid.
Tootsie rolls arrived as hard as a rock.  Very disappointed
Taste bad and did not work as expected
None of the eggs were fertile
Very bad value for money I payed
For this green tea there is no real flavor here, I am disapointed.
Worst espresso I have ever had in my life
They went moldy way too soon. Lost a dozen the rest I put in the freezer when I got them
Crackers are stale ; smell is off; rancid despite the date not passed - months away
the bag was crushed and no chip was larger than a dime. I will not be ordering these again!
This product seal was opened when I got it.
Product arrived crushed and broken into pieces.  The price is a rip off.  Do not order this !
Did not like, does nothing. Waste of money./
Unfortunately it has forgettable taste. 3 people did not like it.
Not the same quality of taste that comes from other freeze dried ice cream.
Taste like my kitchen floor I would like to say they taste like S---- Tom Manning
All of the biscuits were broken.
I usually like all nut pods items , this had no eggnog flavor and tasted very chemical to me
Jar was broken upon arrival
Love Pirates Booty. Looked forward to getting this order. They arrived stale. 
I only received one package instead of the three listed!
Came all melted into a huge mushy mass...
It was awful. Plus i jad clean the microwave several times before the smell was gotten rid of.
They are NOT fresh. Single packaging is great. They are toooooooo hard. Should be much softer
Disliked lack of flavor and appearance
For me the product had a weird flavor. Guess I will stick with the traditional beef jerky.
The coloring was minimal, probably because they are edible, and no stems to secure into cupcakes.
This tastes sour and like mold.  Nothing like an actual crumpet.
A bit sweet for me
The item coming broken. Is not open but the glass is broken I need to exchange for another.
This item was open in my package
They were not the same as the bag from the store
Box was opened and crackers broken into pieces
I expected a much bigger bag of product. I could have bought it at the store for less $$
False advertising, makes it look like you get 4x4x45g but its actually 1x4x45g. Big difference.
I can get these locally for far less, but I was looking for the red skinned peanuts.
Bubbly tv static! YUCK
Taste is horrible. Hard to believe a human being approved this, an animal would not.
Ordered a pack of four. Got one. One star because I cannot post as zero!
Must be really old, the coating is so hard you cannot eat them
Pops beautifully, but this is the toughest popcorn ever. Would not recommend.
This is food coloring. Nothing special. Just food coloring in jel from. Overpriced.
Arrived damaged and unuseable.
Twice now I have ordered 6 boxes of this cereal, but only one box was shipped
Sour! I guess I should have seen it coming considering it is a granny apple after all.
The taste is not authentic and the sizing of the package is very misleading.
Nothing special, had a weird taste
Corn floating in an unrecognizable sauce.
Was not what was viewed or ordered-they are dryer tasting not like the 90 cal bar!
This mix contains a lot of salt, completely offsets avocados being heart healthy.
The cellophane and the candy tastes like cellophane I had to throw away the whole bag
It is way too spicy for me. I will not be reordering this product.
RAT TURDS NO RETURNS!!!
Tastes and smells awful!
This stuff is just not the same :(
I normally love this product but was made sick because it was outdated by two months
The main ingredient is tumeric. It makes everything super salty tasting!
This is the worst crap ever. Looks like something threw up in a bowl and does not taste much better
Very light linden not good for sure
Received very quickly; however, product expired a year ago - May 2020!!!
It tastes like sugar syrup with no maple flavor.
so strong it is inedible.
Threw it away, bad odor and weird taste.
These were all mushed and melted as others reviews have stated! So upset!
It was very dry and sandy.
It was a recall and I threw them away no refund
only received 9 oz not happy
I was disappointed with the ground coffee I received.  It was no different than any other coffee.
This is so gross. Does not taste good at all.
There was no heat or taste from the pepper I received. Maybe they were old?
IT IS NOT FRESH AT ALL, IT IS ALL MELTED AND CLUMPY.. DOES NOT LOOK TO EDIBLE AT ALL!!!!!!
and tastes terrible too.
Enjoy if you are into eating mold.
Flavor was not good very bland.
glass bottle broken no liquid left in bottle.
This product states there is 300 pops included, however there was only 240 in the bag I received!
I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT HAF I SEEN IT HAS HFCS.  PACKAGES REMAIN UNOPENED
Very weak coffee
Jerky arrived with mold Not good
about half of the stuff i get these days from here is damaged..
Damaged plus it has been opened missing half of the teabags
Completely stale and inedible.
Poor quality.  Tiny olives.  Many of the olives were mushy.
Do not order! Wires holding plant up. No more than cuttings . No roots!
The smell did not go away :(
Expired. Purchased 1/11/2020,expired 7/25/2019
It looks and tastes like it was expired 10 years ago
Product arrived broken
Product arrived damaged and smashed.  Not edible.
Package was open. One strawberry missing and rest were melting
The taste is odd.
The worst coffee I ever tried tasted like bitter pine bark.
Product was not sealed. Had to throw away.
These pods did not work in my Keurig.  Waste of my money.
Not a good taste
Buy it if you are young. When you get it you will be old, or worse..... Good luck.
Very strong taste and smell of offal. I cannot eat this.
The taste was Terrible would not recommend it
Horrible! I do not even want to give this item any star. I want a refund!
Rock hard and pretty much tasteless.
I tried to order nips butterscotch but got nips coffee. My wife does not like them as much.
This tasted very strange. We took one bite and threw it away!
That flavor of Gatorade tastes like poison. It may actually be poison.
Only given negative review as on of the bags was completely crushed
Everything about this is miserable, do not waste your time or money.
Comes melted, stuck together, broken shells
This product arrived melted and stuck together. Not edible.
Was too dense and not enough flavor
Bothe eggs were broke upon receipt but tape helps.
This product was unusable. Almost every cookie was broken.
Not anywhere on the buying page did it say I was buying out of code items very upset
I love oatmeal so I thought I would try this. It is terrible!!!
The flavor was not very tasty. Kind of bland. Disappointed.
One chocolate blob arrived. They were inedible and thrown away. Money wasted.
Way too expensive for one box of 6 pods.........that is the way I read it!
Are you serious? 14.79 for vinegar, water and spices? Make your own for goodness sake.
So I finally decide to buy this and I am all excited and it was 2 pounds of stale styrofoam.
did not care for the flavor on meat and poultry, but if you like that flavoring....
The hot sauce had no color and barely any taste.  Non refundable or exchanging either :(
I would like a refund.  The bottles arrived smashed.
Price states $5 99 ($0.15 / Ounce) The bag is 8 oz. Simple math, right? That is cheating.
The product was unusable due to the fact that it arrived crushed.
Weird taste and after eating made me feel horrible.  Another bad keto product. Live and learn.
Every single container had nothing but crumbs. Do not buy these. Read the other reviews
Home made butter ghee is much better than this ghee
Underripe, not sweet at all, and DIRTY. WholeFoods, you are better than this.
It arrived brown & watery. Had to be discarded.
This is NOT hard Turron!cancelled 1st order. Reordered and was sent SOFT again!!!
Thick and not tasty
Could not even begin to stomach these. Not returnable! Went in the trash! Give me a break!
the taste of water is nor good at all please provide me compensation for that
product arrived smashed in box, not very happy.
There is not anything about these that I like.
PECANS WERE NOT EDIBLE???VERY OLD????  Threw them in trash.
DOES NOT COME WITH THE LIME CHILI SHRIMP FLAVOR! BOUGHT THIS MIXTURE FOR THE DIFFERENT FLAVORS
No cheese flavor,  almost plain flavor.
Gum was stale and hard.  I was disappointed with product.
The order always varies. They never last more than 2 days. They mold quickly.
These tasted horrible. The sparkles got all over my fingers. Would not buy again
Received an item in September 2022 that expired January 2022.
Counted them and its 116 NOT 240 smdh..will be returning.
I am so disappointed. I thought I did everything right. Nothing happened.
Horrible. Not really bread.
Does not work with the mud mask.
Taste like a very old root beer that was left out in the rain
The mayonnaise came open
I have used this oil for many many years but this one does not look like a genuine one.
I have never had a problem with Poland Spring but these tasted like plastic.
Box was damaged, I did not open. I wanted to return but it says ineligible for return!
Got expired ones. Super disappointed
There is an unexpected bitterness I did not expect nor enjoy.
Light coffee on the Madison gras cake flavor
It has no flavor and I bought 2 bottles I need the phone number of herbal life company
Priced like the normal cookie but it is actually half size.  Do not buy it!
Tastes very stale. No returns allowed.
Too weak tasting for a ristretto
It is usually spoiled
Candy was not in a sealed bag and it was everywhere in the box with other item.
Tastes awful. Like drinking a cheap rose perfume.
i threw the nearly full box out. yuck
"The look and texture of these ""noodles"" grossed me out...I could not even swallow it."
Pringles crushed or broken! Need to eat with a spoon!
Not healthy at all! And the other meals are all rather high in sodium also at 38% DV.
This is the 4th time I have received this expired.
This was a knockoff with an  odd flavor and weird packaging. No return policy also.
Has a grainy texture that I am not enjoying. I prefer Amazon's brand, Happy Belly.
I just found this birds feather in the bag of tea!
Too seasoned, meat was cut too thin
Ordered syrup, got a cookbook
It smells bad, tastes bitter, and seems to have gone bad or expired.
The color was not the color I expected, rose gold, also I cannot return item.
The candy was old! And the pumpkin was misshapen - I would not buy again!
This product is not fresh chocolate looks old.
Too strong, wrong kind not classic bigelow
Worst tasting had to ask for refund.
The tin was beatiful but the content had no flavor
My niece said the fruit was spoiled . Very disappointed with product would like refund.
I was very disappointed with this purchase. It definitely was not worth the price I paid
Worst muffins ever. Tasted doughy, not really banana flavored.
Showed up completely melted and crushed.
The candy looks old because of the color
All the bars of chocolate had a significant bloom on them. Every bar was white and grainy.
Drivers marked received , I went look for it ,but package was not there!!!!!!
We notice no Smokey smell or flavor. 
3 of the sunflowers were broken off their stem
Did not work for pixie. Poor quality espresso too.
Cookies are hard unless you microwave them. Not the greatest flavors
Went to use this for the first time and there are bugs in it!!! Do not buy this!
Description says is 4 pack but when I received package it is 3 packs inside
All melted into a big block. DO NOT BUY THESE.
Extremely strong smell. Instant loss of any appetite. I just wanted to eat some mashed potatoes.
If you want regular colors do not buy this
Stale not good at all
When I received them they were all misshapen and melted. Not useable at all. What a waste.
Received broken box with 3 pack only.
Product came in melted.Very disappointed.
What I expected. Delicious.
It shows that best before March 2020. Already expired when I receive it
Spoiled through them away hope so many can text me to replace them
They taste like burnt candy. Do not know if it is just this batch, but horrible taste.
If I closed my eyes,I would have thought I was chewing on a rubber band.
Tastes like water.  Disappointed.  Wish they offered Fairlife.
Product was one solid rock and seemed to be really stale.
The product leaks. I had white sticky powder all over the inside of my package.
Not very good quality-paint chipping off. I will not be using these on cupcakes...
So far the 1st three cans are full of stem ends and tomato skins.
The product was all melted. I believe I should get a refund
Omg this taste soo bad. The worse soup that you can get at Whole Foods.
Has a very artificial flavor; did not like.
has an awful after taste
I did not like anything.  Broken and cannot be returned.  Very Disappointed. I want REFUND.
Maybe I got a bad batch.. but these have a very weird aftertaste.
Stale item and customer service was not available.
I thought it was over priced and it tastes horrible
Sad.  I bought this for my parents, but they reported that the nuts were stale.  :(
The cereal is stale
Like dishwater. No flavor what so ever.
Box was opened, all suckers were broken!
These were very hard when they arrived. Not fresh at all. Go to the grocery store.
Terrible taste....box came open with item missing
Ordered for my business. product came spoiled and rotten. Was not able to return it.
Have been using flavor drops for years and these are horrible.
This is awful! Tastless, reformed beef. Terrible mashed potatoes
I did not receive Three 3oz. Bottles!! I only received ONE BOTTLE for $20!!!!  A true Rip Off!!!
This product was delivered damaged. Leaking, lid off and moldy.
Way wat too sweet. No yogurt flavor just frosting
Grandchildren did not like them.
"This product has a very strong ""chemical"" taste."
This was horrible. Absolutely vile. They all went directly in the trash. Just awful.
I Will NEVER Purchase Again ITS DISGUSTING 
I hated it . Taste awful
Palm sized chicken
These taste great, but I cannot believe how much it cost for the amount of product received!
The bag of candy was all stuck together
I wish we could have tried it but it got delivered broken.
Did not get to use it. It was already exploded and leaking inside the package.
What a waste of money.  Do not buy it is not worth it and the candy in it is available today
These are very small packages for the price. Very disappointed in the size.
Did not like that the seal was broken and had been leaking
Trush it after I received it right away
I was missing the red hearts in mine really disappointed
The box was torn open and products inside were crumbled
It does not look like the picture at all, it was not thick enough and the packaging was terrible.
Extremely burnt taste; no hazelnut flavoring to speak of. Blech... will not buy again.
The recent product is NOT ginger. It is ginger-flavored jelly candy.
I only received ONE CAN!!!
Do not know about flavor, etc. Received it defrosted and threw away. Usually this product is decent.
they do not taste like pickle, at all, or mint.
All juice leaked out into packaging.  To safe to eat and apparently none returnable.
Not a good quality item
Too much sugar. Other similar mocha's have 1/2 of this amount
Quality was poor and ended up throwing away
I did not receive the variety pack described.
This product came in it is stale, old. Totally overpriced and unable to return. DO NOT BUY
Stale, tasteless tea! I will avoid this brand in the future.
Tasted stale.  No good
i bought 12 bags but only 10 in box
Will arrive melted and crushed. You cannot return them either. Big mistake purchasing this.
a bit stale and hard ;not recently made.
Do not waste your money. It does not take the same st all as Starbucks
The product was opened and there are no returns or replacements.  At this price, buyer beware!
they were all completely melted
Showed up melted looked bad tasted bad would never buy again waist of money
5 out of 8 cans came dented. The chili itself is great
Did not taste good with the wine it suggested to crockpot simmer with.
Horrible and late
I am not sure why but this is the worst tasting caramel sauce I have ever had in my life.
expiration date  2 months I got my order did not like that I wasted my money
These wear planted shortly after I received them and they are already dead.  Very disappointed.
The box was damaged and the candy bag was opened so i want a refund
Small serving only 2
Loved the combinations.  Just could not consume because the sodium was very high
Awful taste. I threw out the entire box. Waste of money.
...but this beverage made with lemon is impossible to eat (well, drink).
Only received one the description said two pack. Where is the other one?
Post said 36 count. 2 boxes of 18. I got 1 box of 18. No second box of 18.
Had mold in it could not get money backor replaced do not get it
Had to discard - horrible.
Terrible taste. It has a weird chemical taste
Horribly bitter! Do not buy this product!!!
Neighbors did not even want it for free!
As other reviews stated it is harder than most marshmallows and stale
I tried everything to get flavor out of this tea but it is tasteless
Showed up in crumbles.
Product was expired before I received it .
Poor quality product.
Yuck.  Has a weird taste!!!
The bottle was broken when I got it . Basically I got a empty sticky box .
This was a gift,  Very embarrassing.  I want my money back please.
Should be able to return a smashed package.
Product received all smeared and melted
it arrived opened
Bread was moldy when I opened it.
These expensive steaks were terrible!
Very large and you cannot return
Very small for the money. The pictures are very deceiving.
The said it wss sugar but they are not and a commit refined them
Avocado leaves arrived totally crushed. Not usable
The candy was old and not fresh
The item was not as advertised!
very little salt and almost no pepper
Stale and flavour was not matching the label.
Tried for 2nd time, great flavor, but rotting from delivery on. Trash inside 2 days.
Only received 1 box.
Horrible taste! Does not taste natural at all.
Disliked everything. Used it for tea.
This product cost WAY too much!  Save your money.
they came completely destroyed..
description did not include had hazelnut filling and not available for return
One of the inside cracker boxes was missing as well
Broke within five minutes of using
The sauce is now like water. What happens
I like most Walden Farms, but this was just way too sweet!
This is some nasty stuff! I would not recommend this at all
Expired on October 21,2018
Tastes like rotten eggs, guess true of many Himalayan sea salts. No return policy
Powder not smooth.
Not as good as advertised!!
Not nearly as tasty as the dry spice mixes for poke.  Tried it once, will not repeat.
Wish it had more flavor and heat. Found it to be bland. Disappointed.
It was all dried up and no good.
Coffee all over in box and open. Need a replacement
Funny taste and came melted
item arrived crushed
Would not buy again. Box was damaged and the candy was very stale. Threw them out. Waste of money.
Does not fit in the 2.0
This was very poor quality...supposed to be a cake topper it torn up before getting it in the cake
This has aspartame!
Many were out of date sour & curdled
Two of the three plants were dead when they arrived- very disappointed.
Disgusting.  Most came broken into crumbs
Horrible!!! New packaging and product and the taste is horrible! I wish I could leave zero stars! 
Half of the cans in the 12 pack were smashed.
product had water damage
Incomplete hardware. I cannot build the stand.. not at all happy right now. Poor quality control.
Not as delicious as another product. ..disappointing!
Horrible texture and taste like slimy strips of rubber
all three containers had a stale tasting product.
Stell broken all broke up not good waste of money
Had no leaves on arriving never produced any.
These fruit snacks were inedible because they were hard, stale, and smelled strange.
Not for my family. Tasted bad...
These candies do not taste good
too much sugar or syrup makes it sickly sweet.
I only got one 5 oz bag instead of four 5 ounce bags like the title hints at.
You do not get what you pay for.
BOTH CANS ARE DENTED SIDE OF CAN LABEL IS TORN GET RID OF THE DAMAGED
It is too expensive for my supermarket to buy half price.
it came with white plastic bag and the chews are all melted . very disappointed
The pears was sold on the outside  but rotten o  the inside .but I want complain
I cannot writ a review on these because when I received them they were melted in a glob.
Box can fit in your hand. Squares  are very small. I felt I was ripped off
Super small came rusty and broken
Very disappointed upon arrival. The bag was opened and there were beans all over the box
The pump was not included in the shipment as pictured and stated.
The bottle came leaking and bent. It was defective but I cannot return it according to Amazon.
Flavor is great, but you only get 6 lollipops.
I ordered 3 blueberry jam and one of the jar was opened. It leaked everywhere.
AWFUL WILL NOT POP FED TO OUR CHICKENS WHICH DID NOT CARE FOR IT EITHER...
Very disappointed, now I have to go to the store to buy more leeks to make my soup. So annoying.
all broken and will never order this item again....  thank You
This item is not returnable and had over a dozen insects inside the sealed package.
Not very tasty, and I love cheese straws.
I use Munkfruit and thought these would taste sweet. They have an awful taste!
This product expired 12/20 and I received it in March 2021!
Starch got out a lot.
This was a 12 pack of gum and I only received 10 packs!
Contents were busted open inside and the candy is stale
Arrived totally melted.
These taste so so bad.
Pack is pretty plain . Candys are not super good and the selection is pretty lame.
The tiny chiclet tabs are pictured, I got regular chiclets. Also the bag is not one pound.
It arrived dead and leaf less. It was a gift. Sad.
35.00 for 4 bottles is ridiculous
I have less than a month to consume 6 bottles of creamer apparently
This is not BEEF LIVER. It is OX tail. Whole foods is labelling so many foods wrong.
I disliked the price!
This pie she will was in crumbs. Not even a pie could be made from this. Refund money
Horrible! The amount is a joke and it tastes horrible!
Melted, cannot remove from wrappers. Waste.
Biggest rip off ever selling 4 $1.00 bags for $26.  They should be dropped!
My almond joys we are are they
Not working in my machine I Ned to change
Not a hint of bergamot. Do not waste your money or time.
Notttttt edible  even though advertised as so do not eat! Very misleading
Completely melted. Waste of money
The icing quality is poor.
100 pieces of miniatures this is a joke. Very small candies!! Very disappointed!!
It does not taste like what it supposed toIt taste more like chemicals than it does actual cucumber
Would not recommend buying these. Almost all were broken and had to be thrown away. Disappointing!
does not smell like earl grey and does not taste like earl grey. but, on par with any other bad tea.
This was sold as a two pack and I only received one.
The description says packed in 100% juices but the ingredients list includes sugar???
This coffee is very weak even when I use less the normal water.
Charging double price for a 6-pack.
Wow, really gross!
Do not order this in the heat of the summer have to send it back it is hot
Product arrived months expired and is non-eligible for a refund. Beware!
Small broken pieces with a bad taste. Should have returned them.
The only ones that were not broken I tried and it seems they had spoiled. Threw the whole lot out.
2 orders back to back, bottles soaked from top of cap to bottom. What is up? Used to depend on them.
All the berries were moldy.  Had to throw them away.
It is fine just a complete rip-off in price!!!!
These came stale.  You can hardly eat them.
They arrived cracked. It tasted a little funny too.
I thought this tasted horrible and do not understand why it is not returnable
Strong offensive chemical taste, smell
This product is fake. It is not real Prime.
More than half the bags were open. I did not feel safe with eating them. Waste of money.
A tiny pouch and not what the picture detects
Saw this product on TikTok it is not tasty at all in my opinion. I trashed it.
It seems that the candy was old because it was hard & stuck to the wrapper.
Shipped and chipped. The candy coating was broken on much of the candy.
These pecans taste terrible! I would never buy this brand again!
Not what I expected. It tastes way too much like spicy oil spaghetti sauce
Could not stand the smell
broken and had to fix before I could use on my son's project. Disappointing.
Stale  Most of the assortments have already expired. So disappointing 
Gummies came all melted and mixed inside of the package. All of them. What should I do?
Not a good gift idea.
Nothing special. Was a sucker reading views and tryed it but was not that great.
The pies were covered in mold.  Completely inedible.
I am not sure this product will be good to use after expose to the heat.
These do not taste good
how can something so famous have high fructose corn syrup as the first ingredient?
There is nothing to like here. Tastes awful and does not mix in liquid.
This was bought as a Christmas gift. The box is so damaged, I will need to return it.
The taste use to be fruity and yummy. Now it tastes like baby formula. WAH!! WAH!!
Poor imagery poor quality will be returning
Bag was opened when received. Beans all dry
I could not stomach this.
This arrived broken so I could not use it.
grose, drank 1/2 of one can, wasted my money
Says no added sugar, but ingredients clearly shows 5% added sugar...
No filling.. to much crust
I hate to be critical, but $6.00 for that little snack. It was good but $6.00 !! It was tiny!!
I love Tea Forte, however,  this loose tea misses the mark!  I will stick to the individual bags.
They were melted And non returnable
I did not really care for this. It was lacking in taste
These are not the same as shown in the photos. Was very disappointed
Very weak, would not buy again.
Mostly small pieces. Soft Chews and Jolly Ranchers stuck to paper
Stale and inedible
All cans badly dented.  Very disappointed!
They were way too salty, and my family love salty chips. We could not eat these.
These are the worst tasting items I have eaten in a long time.
Box was not sealed upon arrival and had ants inside package, had to throw them out, waste of money
All 72 pieces of candy were dried out and not fit to eat.
Product died a few days later.
This coffee is not a light roast it more like a dark roast.  I am returning.  Delivery was great.
I did not use the product because it was past the expiration date
The item is great.  The price charged was a rip off.
Was whittled already and unusable
All toppers arrived with either cracks or completely shattered. Could not use!
Not what I expected. Tasted nasty.  Going back to Vega
TOO SALTY AND TOO THIN.
This product arrived OPENED!!! Inedible and UNRETURNABLE! Run! Do NOT buy this product!
The item was received broken. It is a glass bottle.
I received the bottle broken inside its unopened package, and this item is not returnable!
Product came damaged broken pieces and opened in box
That is not a traditional pita bread. Way to thick, dry and sturdy.
Terrible.  A waste of money.  There were many hard pieces and not even a noticeable caramel flavor.
They were rotten when we got them
The taste is horrible... And I can drink almost anything... Definitely not worth it...
These tasted awful, I threw them out.
the can is bent and huge dent on side of the can.
This citric acid is very coarse. No  good for bath bombs
This just might be the weakest coffee I havee had.
This is my favorite tea. But the boxes were smushed & they no longer sell it here in Oklahoma City
Okay, save your money. Get a seasoning that does not use pointless dyes.
Way to expensive for what you get.
No flavor, scent.... nothing. Never again!
The bag was broken and there were fruit flys in the bag. It was so bad in my kitchen.
The candy took forever to get here and was broken.
Stale old stock. Beware
Jelly beans were loose & all over carton upon arrival.  Had to throw everything out.
Both plants was rotten in the middle
Horrible chemical taste yuck 
do not know how to pick up the goods
I ordered the beans and did not want the ground. Read the product information carefully!
Tasted different then the ones in the store
Product was extremely stale. Will not buy again.
disgusting-was able to get a refund-should be removed from sales.
Unfortunately most of the chestnuts in my package are bad.  Very disappointed
Too expensive for a very small amount
$45 and the Father's Day gift for my father in law. BEWARE
Sent me three that were about to expire.  Only finished one of three.
The container was broken and the contents flowed out.  I hope to exchange.
Horrible and obviously an old bag
Not fresh tasting at all tasted old.
Just a bag of DumDum's, not varied as shown in picture.
This order of Mentos was stale & tasted odd.
Not pure APPLE JIUCE FROUD!!!!!!!!
Lobsters were tasteless. Steaks we a little tough
Horrible taste all flavors.  Right in the garbage..
Sauce came broken in the package....spaghetti sauce leaking out and a mess
MADE IN CHINA PASTA PRODUCT!!! How we trust THE  USDA ORGANIC
Advertisers Swiss cheese Not Lacy Swiss terrible
This item  broke while taking out of package, I need a replacement!!
Baking  no flavor or taste  I find it worthless Not a good buy
One bottle arrived broken. No help from anyone at Lakewood or Amazon
this stuff is garbage dumped it down the drain it looked so good but way to salty .
Very hard to assemble and did not work
Wasabi Almonds -This product was stale on delivery.
It said there were 10 cans and was only one and the fan was dented. Do not buy misleading
This is nothing like heavy cream! It is gross!
The box came crushed and the graham crackers are crushed inside the box as well. Not happy.
Coffee bag was split open with beans all in the Amazon packaging.  Not super happy with that.
taste was not that great, definitely should have tried before i bought a box lol
I have the French vanilla and it taste horrible. Will not buy again
Some of the chocolates are discolored and do not taste like Godiva
Flour arrived open and all inside the box.and it is not returnable.
There is a strong taste of mint, hardly a trace of cinnamon. very disappointing!
Was hard and seemed to be Stale
They came broken and fell off the stick within 10 minutes
This came broken and had of the peanuts spilled out of the box.
These taste nasty!
Do Not buy - not good
It does not taste like a ginger at all. I am really disappointed .
Changed the product and disappointed in the changes.
Man these be crazy bad like cmon man this is ridiculose, plus they be turnin the frogs gay
No it was spoiled
Says it has meatballs, but it does not!
One of the bottles was opened and rhe vinegar was leaking out.
Mine was squished very disappointed.
Terrible taste and texture
Received on November 24, 2019 Best use by date December 5, 2019
Not much flavor and also they are mushy
I will put 1/2 a star if I can. Never buying again.
When these are not cold they smell like fish. Waste of money, they taste disgusting.
The taste was horrible and chalky
60% of the seeds are not bitter. Very disappointing.
Sent me smaller 1.4 oz bags the second time I purchased and cannot return. Will not buy again.
The cookies were hard, dried out and expire a month from recieving them.
Ordered Starbucks frappuccino and got the double shot energy in a can.
Who would buy this after reading the ingredients
Unfortunately I did not get to try these as they were mush when they arrived.
This was just terrible
Ridiculous spend for bubble gum!
Totally damaged.
I am sorry but this does not taste anything like coffee. Even has a gross aftertaste
They were frozen solid in my mailbox = dead
Sorry, I did not like this bread.
not that great of flavor get sick of it quick while eating
The taste was terrible ! Bitter and left an awful after taste.I threw it away after several tries!
Do not buy this crap.  It is poison if you ask me.  Nasty gross, not healthy
I should of looked at what was in them mostly fake man made ingredients. Disappointed
I bought these for my sister for her birthday she received them today they are expired and gross
There was a cut in my bag when it arrived
Very disappointing!!!! The product had bad smell and taste !!!!
Awful nuts, dark and tasted spoiled.
Product was leaking all over the package and labels worn off. Authenticity is questionable.
The flavor was Awful
Omg, they stick to everything besides what I wanted them to stick to
I cannot find a way to attach to an email. But I have pictures
Not a high quality candy, especially for the price.
Very disappointed this was expired before my order was even placed
I ordered this product of 6 but only received 1.
Product arrived leaking.  Unfortunately, I cannot return.
I ordered 104 bags, they arrived on Feb 14th and the best if used by date is March 8th, 2022
It was 99% lemon heads, which is not a problem if you love lemon heads.
Disgusting weird spongy texture and bland - safe your money.
Was extremely stale and tasted terrible.
Product is dried out and rotten.
These cookies were so crushed I have to eat them with a spoon.
Did not receive the same brand k cups as advertised.  Anyone else have this issue?
sample size not worth the price
Terrible quality and shipping. Mistake to buy it from this irresponsible seller.
Flavor is waaaay off.... hated these!
Taste is ok but all 4 bottles bent and damaged labels so I could not give with gifts as planned.
The taste is horrible
I do not recommend the product as it taste like medicine. My husband and I do not enjoy the taste.
Arizona summers are brutal for chocolates and humans. 109F forget it.
Very deceiving with the pic. You only get one.
I thought that the crust was bigger !! Really each crust 6 dls ??
Did not like the consistency of the filling inside and also the flavor of the filling
The lid did not pop when l opened it! Did not cook with it!
It is very deceiving. Very small amount. And all crumbs. Not happy.
Be warned if you order this the bags of chips maybe open therefore a complete waste of money.
This item was overpriced.  These are sweetheart roses.
Tried a case - ate half of one can. Threw out the rest. Avoid if you enjoy good food!
the Tigernuts were very hard and when I soaked them as suggested they did not soften.
Arrived moldy!!! Just horrible ! And says no return policy -
Did not like the flavor or the consistency. Wish I could get a refund.
How does this happen?  The box was fine but all the cookies inside were broken.
Had to request a refund, it was impossible to chew, even after soaking it in teriyaki sauce !
Disappointed that most of the bags in had crushed chips.
Do not buy! Contains insoluble grit that ruins your food.
This is a 12 oz jar not 20
I loved this bread first time I ordered. Second time it arrived moldy.
I wanted honey BUTTER not honey with a hint of butter! It is terrible!
Terrible!  Dried out Nd thrown straight in trash.
Flowers came broken and the ones that was not broke soon as you pick them up they were not usable
Too small, too thick and tastes like a spiced wet paper towel.
Very weak, no real buzz. Death wish and Don Pablo is far superior. Very disappointed
Product was melted and stuck together. I bought this product before at Costco and it was fresh.
Cans were dented & crime was curdled. Yuck.
This was the worst tasting coffee ever.It has a horrible after taste. Too bad it cannot be returned.
Quick delivery and good product
The candy would bel fine but it was stale. Hard as rocks.
i did not receive the full quantity
Just tasted like regular coffee, not butter pecan.
This does not  taste good at all. Do not waste your money
It appears someone got into the box before I received it. Only got six of the 16
Ordered reeces got oreo..  I hate oreos.
I got a bag of crumbled cookies.! The cookies were crumbled before they were packed.
Used it to make water keifer, followed the directions, did not make water keifer.
I have tried better Haribo in the days.
They were delivered melted
This item was not fresh. Unable to return. Original purchase came with return garuntee
I used it as a cheese substitute.  It did not taste very good!
The licorice was so and stale l could hardly eat .  I probably wind up throwing it away
This type of quality is just aweful
It dose not taste good and feels dusty
I ordered the above two one pound boxes and I got 2 five oz boxes.
I had thought I had ordered this before, guess not because this was not good.
taste old leaves a bad taste in my mouth horriable
Melted and all over bag could not eat was a waste of money
The item arrived completely stale. Just how long was this bag in the
Stale & old.  Had to return them
They tasted like crap. Under cooked like raw peanuts.
Tasted flat and old.
Absolutely disgusting 
Description said 12 packets and I received only 1 and cannot return.
Horrible flavor combination.
Was afraid to consume because of missing freshness information.
Not all packages were in the box it was short
Nasty taste... Will stick with my Stevia, thanks...
Mine came soft and with rot on it. VERY dissapointed
Yucky. Stick to original.
Threw baked item in the trash.
I did not like it at all.Do not wast your money.
Package was damaged and I would like a Replacement.
Totally dissatisfied, the popcorn did not pop
Stale as all get out! Do not buy! Learn from my bad! Do not waste your money! Gag! Ack ! Barf!
Very Disappointed!
I love the original flavor but the other flavors were very salty.
Disappointed with this product. Taste is lacking I do not find it spicy. Expensive!
Every single can was dented and damaged.  Would not order again Pantry.
Was Not all that impressed with the flavor.  Costly too.  Huge Kombucha fan but not this one.
I tried the sparkling water room temperature and cold.  Could not get past the taste
The taste of broths were horrible. Very unpleasant taste
The package leaked. It ruined the other items in the package.
The taste is awful
Mango is super dry, it is not tangy at all as advertised.
Came completely crushed
Fosters Creativity without the mess.
Absolutely hard !!!!
Really disappointed. Not sour at all. 
the  crackers are not crispy  soft and have no flavor
The chip bags barely have any chips in them and the popcorn ones are all stale.
Product arrived broken, no way to return or replace. Do not buy.
Product was gross and looked inedible.
Excellent price, but product had been on the shelf too long, and was stale tasting.
Did not show the right size
was not what I expected flavor was  bland so disappointed will never but again
Gross neon yellow color, food dyes should be more clearly stated
These are made with gelatin, they are not veg as described.
I found this to be undrinkable, it tastes to me like a pumpkinish candle. Cannot recommend.
I think they are legumes
It tastes horrible, does not taste like chocolate
Definitely not as shown.
This stuff is horrible and tastes like fake sugar.  Bad aftertaste.
This does not even fit my Monin syrup bottle and I cannot return it?!? Wow. Waste of money.
Chocolates arrived smashed, and not recently smashed. Stale and discolored.  Next day shipping.
It is not the right product that was advertised. It is not cold pressed
I got 2 very stale like they been wet of 40. Return not allowed.
The candy was sticky and old. This is not a good value. Walmart is better
They were awful.
All shells crushed!
We order a lot of rx bars, but our last package had some bars that had rocks in them, yikes!
Its mainly sugar an pectin. Was Not very good.
It says package of 2 but only 1 bottle was recieved!
Gross. That is all there is to it.
One of the worst tasting bars I have ever tried.  Should not be called food.
Worst peanuts ever
My favorite salad dressing. I often take it with me when I go out to dinner.
Tasted slightly rancid.
They were no good they were stale
Product is expired! This is November 2021!
Extremely too spicey.
Received it rotten
These are horrible do not waste your money!!
When it is cooked it does not have any flavors!
Horrible QC. Destroyed digestive system and left itchy beyond belief. Just do not .
They are so stale and the best by date is January of 2013. Very very dissapointed
Tastes like almond extract in water.  Not a fan, but it is a personal thing.
It was not fresh and it delicious;(((((((
How gross is this? Tuna is pink, not brown - even frozen. Do not buy.
Picture speaks for itself.
Arrived dead. I tried planting it to see if it would bounce back at all. It did not.
It was bitter and had no flavor at all. I will not be buying this again.
In the package it says It is Kona flavored. Not even Kona blends
It is granulated sugar, overpriced in a fancy package
Such a strong chemical taste, sooo disgusting
Many pieces, especially the small colorful balls are hard as a rock and might hurt your teeth.
The plants died. Turned brown despite my best efforts.  I threw it away.
Quality control issue.
There were only 41 packets included, 9 short of the 50 in the description.
Almost tastes like nothing.  Stick with Pure Leaf!
I received 1 longboy candy, not the 2lbs that I paid for.
These are nasty.  They should not be allowed to sell them.
All my cans where damaged and unable to open. Not happy
Unfortunately chips were stale.
Product arrived late and melted; Ice packs were included but they were hot
They out-gassed still in the bag.
First item with which I have been very displeased.
Product came in totally damaged; bottle broken and shattered
Do not buy. Melted mess..cannot even open
Does not taste like cantaloupe that is all I got
I received bag of sharks and it was all melted! the bag was one big blob of blue !
This coffee taste terrible.  Do not buy it the description was deceptive.
Bamboo arrived partially frozen and stalks were yellow.  Bamboo has not greened up.
Product was stale this order!! Had to throw whole box out!! Skeptical bout ordering again
I am a martini drinker.  Never again with these olives.
Beyond inedible.
This is paper seaweed not seaweed snacks. Very disappointed. Do not buy.
Packets were open & its a huge mess i have to throw away
The bag arrived opened. I cannot return them. I will just feed to the goats.
The listing was for 12 boxes.  I received 5.  This is outrageous!
It did not taste good at all, the texture was slimy rubbery. I threw away the meal I used it in.
My coffee arrived OPENED :(
Delivered too late and was stale
If you like the taste of flour paste, this is your pasta. It is inedible.
it is poison.  should not be sold for human consumption  over 2,000 mg of salt
They were past expiration date.  But happily, you gave me a credit.  Thank you!
About 1/2 the size I am use to.
Received only 7 not 12 and were sticky and out of date
Tastes nothing like the dressing in a Japanese Steakhouse.  I did not like it at all.
Product only in bubble mailer. arrived smashed!
This was a big mess do not waste your money
Surprisingly bitter. A disappointment.
Bought peaches, was given nectarines...
Beans practically melting in the slurpy slithery slimy water.
Arrived with seal broken and oil leaked everywhere.  Unable to return and unhappy customer
The product arrived open.
Although this is Rosemary, it insisted that I call it Fred. Very confusing.
Was not impressed with the flavor at all...sorry
19 out of the 20 lollipops were crushed. Cannot return. Complete waste of money. Do not buy!!!
Threw up after eating them.
The chips were too oily and no fresh..
I received Ravioli instead of pizza sauce and I have not had time to deal with it!
The flavor is weak and every other pod would cause an error message for low pressure on the Keurig.
Very fishy taste. Back to Rishi.
Product was great except it each cookie was crushed.
These arrived overly ripe to the point of deteriorating.
This stuff is disgusting :( so dissapointed
These are awful. They also do not fit the gumball machine. They are too large.
the bubble gum is stale!
Oh my gosh, the product is damage Nasty.
Product was expired
They are dry and the flavor is terrible...wish I could return.  One star is way two many stars.
The package was open and the pearls are a dull color. Product is non refundable.
These were horrible
BAD, rec on 4 April with a best by date of 3/2020!
I receivied my order and there is mold inside two bags
I disliked that it was made in China
They are gross not like olives at all. Maybe for people who do not like olives.
Not delicious, too sweet Very poor product, I will not buy it again
It was not fresh when i received  it unfortunately
All crumbled and broken
Unlike most Jelly Belly products, this was not good
Picture is misleading not enough candy to coat the bottom of tin
Not the same as the pic
Way over paid for this item. Buy it somewhere else.
Did Not tatse good at all was very fishy
Every time we got a case, almost all of the cans were dented pretty bad.  Will not buy again.
"Not to my liking. I usually like health food, this was a little ""too raw""."
More than half of the cans were flat.
Did Not liquify inside candy as that is what it is used for.
It looked and tasted old. Half the bars were white looking.
Product was leaking when it arrived. And unable to return. So just a waste of money.
Carton was fine, but half the cans were badly dented.
I only received 1 package of 6 that i paid for!
I am sorry but the taste was awful and my twins took one bite and refused to eat these.
Had to return after finding an item that did not belong in the sealed bag!
Not what I got before the flavor has changed and they are made smaller. Will not be. Buying again
The package actually has 4 oz.  deception.
Does not work at all. Hardley even hints the white.
Delivered crushed
It is only one bag, not a set of bags. One bag for more than $18? This is an outrageous price.
Why do the pods smell like moth balls?
The taste and texture
I was disappointed n the count and had to go out last minute and find a different candy
Taste awful and made me gag. Big waste of money and non returnable.
Most disgusting cookie! It looks good but it tastes like butter with a dab of store bought jelly.
I would give this a zero if I could.  Product was expired when I received it and is non returnable.
This product arrived and it is 3 months last date. Refund my money!!
Wow this is horrible and no return policy. Terrible
The dates on the colors expired 03/15. Did not realize it until after i used one of the colors.
This tastes like agave, not chocolate.  I threw it out.
It tasted weirder than normal and I found hairs in a bag of them
It is ok. But not the taste I was looking for.
They do not seem to know the difference between 100% Whole Wheat and Soft White
Not my taste, too salty. But it was fresh, great value for the money 
Not good crappy taste non authentic stay away!
Thank you Amazon for sending a new bag...it was great! Will continue to order it..
Very sweet and no other flavor
I received 3 boxes of expired coffee. Absolutely unacceptable!
Rip off!! It is just a very small trial size.... Not a good value for your money!!!
Comes in a plastic bottle and seems fishy
Stale.  Could not even chew them.  Must have been super old or rejects from Primal.
This item came damaged and leaked in the bubble wrap and box it came it
It was not ripe. It was hard & raw
These are stale and hard as rocks. UNCHEWABLE. I threw them in the trash. What a waste!
This soup is so bad and does not deserve any stars. Safeway soups are so much better!
Expired within several weeks of delivery.
This product does not carry the Kosher sign and did not allow returns.
All busted do not order if you want in one piece
Arrived with 2 already broken :(
The taste is awful! Wasting money.,,
Not true Vandalia onions
Completely dry and tasteless! Tasteless I can deal with, add a topping, but so dry hard to swallow.
Every single can was dinted
Stale and old it taste like an old house
It tasted terrible did not blend/mix well either
Bag came open and spilled all inside the package.
Threw it out, bad quality
These are great but I bought a 2 pack and only received 1. Great product, terrible fulfillment
No flavor/bland and sort of gross. No one in our family would eat them. Will not be buying again.
Got the piece broken and cannot return it.
Smallest bag ever and only got one of the 4 bags I was supposed to get
Was not what I expected for quality or taste!
Hard as a rock and straight out too salty to eat.  One bite and into the trash.
When I got it melted together and had moldy smell and was not high quality
These were not green boiled peanuts. They sent the regular kind.
Half of the cans have dents.  I needed to use one right away so did not bother to return.
Very disappointing.  Absolutely zero flavor.  Waste of $.
Terrible taste. And so dry that it is almost in powder form...
The fruit snack had mold in the packages big chunks of it
The worst excuse for cacao EVER.  WORTHLESS VALUE. No substance or value. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Came completely crushed and also when I tried the bits they tasted stale.
Mis leading 4 count appeared to be for packages and the cost was a total rip off for one.
YUCK!!  The taste was not coconut water.  It seems to have chemicals added.  Never buy this again.
Some people may like the vinegar salt flavor of these peanuts, but I hated it. It was overwhelming!
Pretty gross, not going to lie. I was hoping for way better.
even thought the expiration date is nov 2021 the whole box is stale......
The taste is a hit or miss and for me it was awful. Nothing like the powdered version.
Damaged box and coffee brews very watery.
I am a fan of hot sauces and this one is not good. No flavor, no heat.
This was disgusting.
I expected peach flavored tea not peach and cinnamon
The smell made it hard for me to eat it, taste is ok
Product was crystalized upon receiving. Unable to return or replace product.
Both came with damaged cans
This is absolutely not worth $40.
I give this FRENCH VANILLAt a ZERO rating.  I give 5 stars to their ENGLISH TOFFEE CAPPACCINO.
Horrible value for my money.  I have not been contacted about a refund or replacement either.
Does not taste at all like Pistachio
This does not taste like cola at all...They had a good product, but this is not a cola.
after a while, you cannot turn it. then the top cracked.  Horrible for such a great taste.
If I could give negative I would! They are gross!
Tasted bland. Was not sour at all and all pieces were melted together
Too tiny to pay for. Super overpriced! But yummy as known.
Did not completely dissolve. Tasted as expected.
Did not work even close to the images
do not buy you will get expired product and they are not take return or replace
Would not buy again
This stuff is just NASTY it tast like burnt coffee. i do not recommend this at all
It came out of the box, all mushed together!
product was stale and had masking tape on the back of the package!
No flavor just sweet shot
No coffee flavor. Tastes like stale brown water.
Tastes bland, like it was thinned out or something
Had to throw them away
The chocolate chip are horrible. Rob Lowe selling these just for the big bucks.
They came completely crushed and all broken, there was not one complete cookie. Very disappointed!
Product was not fresh
Received the box and it was opened.  Very disappointed.
It was smaller than I expected
Found this very lacking in flavor. Will not order again.
This is my least favorite skinnydipped product.
It is flavored corn syrup dude. CHECK THE INGREDIENTS.
This product said it would be a pack of six. I got one shaker. Disappointed.
VERY POOR GRAVY NO SAUSE NO TASTE SORRY I GOT THIS WIIL NOT BUY AGAIN
Everything is melted on arrival.
The taste was not good at all.  Very disappointed.
Diabetes in a wrapper
When I opened the box the jar was open and curry was everyone. No refunds on food. I am out $10.
So sad these came melted and were stale
i like the flavored ones better I pitched these
The drinks have a very bitter aftertaste.
Dislike that it arrived damaged and it says it is not returnable. At least the sauce will be usable.
Crushed into sawdust
Not worth the money. 2.4 ozs equals 8 mini bars.
Terrible flavor. I threw the rest away after 1 use. Very watery and not cheap.
Cheese I ordered was covered in blue and green mold. Had to toss it.
Everything was expired.
Sent these tp my mom for thanksgiving, she said they were horrible..
Both tasted disgusting
They were all melted together and inedible
Product is not fresh. Rock-hard gum.
No flavor , no smell , no nothing!!! Could be cardboard for all I could tell.
Taste metallic and made me gag.
I did not care for the taste or the texture of these.  Personal taste,  but that was my reaction.
Only sent out a single small container when 12 were supposed to be sent. Rediculous.
Hi. I personally did not like this coffee.
Dry as cardboard.  Maybe it is just the batch we got....
Size raviolis... that is how many I got. SIX LMAO!
The crackers were all broken and just little pieces were left. Would not buy again.
Tast like an old teabag  scent is strange
This is unacceptable.  Open jar of lemons was delivered.  How do I get a refund???
The cookies were stale.
These are not good for Christmas stockings.  They are taped together with packing tape!
Marketed as ceremonial grade, Id rate closer to mid grade culinary grade. Clumps and sinks.
Up until now I have had no complaints ... Powdered and broken
People should be aware that this is a product of china.
Mot the best coffee, it smells burnt when it brews and the flavor is not all that enjoyable either
The cap on product was broken sauce all over envelope no way to return
This stuff makes my blood pressure sky high
They taste so old. You can taste the oil.
They smell like nail polish and taste awful
This tea has an odd flavor.  I cannot taste the turmeric either.
This is the worst peppermint tea I have ever tasted, do not waste your money on this trash!
Taste was horrible and coffee tasted weak.
First of all these are not celery hearts!  Shopper picked rotten old produce!
Not what I thought, weard taste
Bag of chips arrived opened. Had to toss them.
I ordered the variety pack but received a box that were all the same flavor. Not happy!
Good product but 13 containers leaked into the box
Runny texture. No pieces of chicken to be found. No flavor.  Would recommend to no one.
The yeast is dead.
My package was already open so I am angry
Not happy with this product. Faint flavor of habanero. Bad after taste - not worth a star
Buying them would be a pure waste of money. The seeds do not sprout at all!
The materials is very cheap and not worth the money
Do not like. All pretzels stuck together & taste nothing like described.
Tastes like sawdust.  No taste of peanut butter.  Waste of money
It was not that hot for me. I love spicy food lol
No my product packaging was damaged and the actual product was melted and smashed
I should have ordered 1 instead of the 8pa k no. Returnable. 
Almost all broken and crushed
$5.65 a can for soup - are you kidding me????
Shipped items that expired same day I received product
If you like the taste of grease and nothing else these are for you.
Sorry, tastes like Miracle Whip, not mayonnaise.
Was not happy with my choice
$0.45 each!?!  What a ripoff.  I can get this in bulk locally for $0.38 each.
The yeast was not alive. Tried three times to activate. Nothing:(
I do not like the greacey and sugery taste .of it i through the rest of it in the garbage Can.
Just realized its just one box.
They all came broken omg waste of my money
My product arrived broken. The glass had shattered and olive juice was everywhere.
It is defective as others have stated and they make a complete mess!
very disapointed in product
This product does not have  pistachio flavor and it is died green . Total waste of money.
Cannot tolerate the taste.
Very sweet and weird texture for me. I love coconut flour but these were not quite my thing
this is not what it was in the picture... so dry out .
This stock tastes very plain.  It is more water than anything else.  Not worth the money.
Careful. It is not 100% mint tea. It is mixed with black tea!
Was delivered thawed not feozen . Many she will pieces still in the shrimp. Do not purchase
I ordered this as a gifts for my niece and it arrived crushed. I am not allow to return it.
They were stale and broken.
Once out of package just strings of casings, difficult for beginner to use
5 of the cans were so badly dented ,I threw them out.
The bags are not sealed and I would like to return them
I love this brand. Unfortunately the seller never sent it to me.
Chips taste like it has some type of Chemical in it ugh
The candy could not be eaten it was so hard! Terrible waste of money!
Will be returning. Relieved today, have not opened and half the package is modly. Gross.
Not worth the money. Croissants were dried out and tasteless.
I did not care for tge taste beef is much better
Chocolate arrived melted
All of these bars were either squashed or melted. Everyone were flat. No happy.
Hated this item popcorn burned and turned out terrible had to throw pan out
Took like 2 months to ship. Great chocolates though
This food item was expired when I received it.
Really bad . All throw away. Waste money
These were dry and moldy. Also, they will not let you return them!!
You can buy this product in the same 4 oz. bags at Dollar Tree for $1.00 a bag not $5.50 a bag.
Every biscotti was broken.
too spicy! peas were hard and rice under cooked.  Threw it out.
The product is fine, but came in 2 days late, so have no use for it and will not take a return.
this product arrived rock hard !!! i even tried the microwave and that did not help
Used for dirty martini
This is not available for returns. Was very disappointed as they were not the size I wanted.
Unfortunately, I did not enjoy this butter - mine had very bitter unpleasant taste.
Stale!  Expiration date was less than a month from when received.
Sent me stale dated coffee.
Gross daughter hated them not even the dog wanted to eat them
Not worth purchasing online
These were not very good at all.. they leave a nasty aftertaste in your mouth. I did not like them.
It supposed pack of 3, I only received one for ten bucks.
Received my packaged today and its full of  Weevil bugs. Very disappointed.
Product Best Before date is FEBRUARY 2019 - Received today July 20, 2019
Gross flavor and horrible aftertaste.
Product overpriced and stale. I should have returned it.
No taste!  They seem kind of stale!
I recommend purchasing Great Value Tex Mex
"These ""cherries"" could have been anything, no cherry flavor at all. Tasted only of stale oil."
Very disappointed
Not much flavor at all. Not very good item.
Do not buy melons out of season.  They are not going to taste good.
The majority of the stuff in this bag expired within 7 days of purchase.
Not good Do not buy!
Tastes awful, kind of chemical, I would return if I could.  Save your money.
The container was crush this is for a gift it is embarrassing the little black eyes are off
Did not taste good, threw it in the trash. Made me sick
The bottle is at best 4.5 inches tall - it is a standard size not larger as pictured.
Tasted like stale lemon pound cake.
Lack of distinct pretzel flavor
We got two empty bottles with the order, I would like to be refunded.
do you like to eat moldy food..? If yes then buy this product.
not real pink salt, it loses color when you bake which real pink salt does not
This product had a horrible chemical taste.  I had to throw it out.
Flavor was bad for me. Nobody in the house liked it.
Took way too long to get hetr
Not the Iberico flavor that is expected. Very disappointed.
The candy was stale. Do not buy.
Product was inferior on all levels.  Poor ingredients in-inferior product results!
like chewing plastic
Out of 40 candy canes only two were not broken
No flavor, not what expected
Not very good, made stomach upset.  Tried it several times but same results. Threw in trash.
Despite bubble wrap lining in the package, the bag of sixlets arrived ripped.
I liked nothing about this product. Product description very misleading. David
Some of the nuts were rancid.
Selling dated itemsmaybe my mom will not notice it
Ordered Jasmine Pearl and someone replaced it with Italian Earl Grey.  Not cool!!
The 365 quality has gone downhill nothing special
I like be this ice cream flavor but it all melted when got it!!
This product does not taste like lavander tea, but taste like soap. Not worth buying.
The next time I will just crush some saltine crackers my self lol
The product was very pricey and tasted like play-dough
Product is old Tastes stale Very disappointing
i expected it to taste more like a dill pickle and it did not.
Only came with 3 out of 4 cans and will not even let me return... you have got to be kidding me.
It is only 1 tube and 1 pack of warheads false advertising
Way tooo freaking hot!  And i like spicy
Bed bath and beyond had for 99 cents today. Have not opened but the price is right!
Has a nice flavor and good to drink but does not have any power slimming effects.
coffee arrived stale
Price way to high...Not fairly advertised
Gross. So much oil.
I love this product in the past but did not receive my order.
Came to me broken and glass everywhere. unfit for use.
This is not vape juice!
This product came in as one big lump of melted yuck!
Upon opening the can, there were numerous maggots in the pumpkin.
I did not like the taste ... Flavorless church crackers
Very disappointed almost no taste and what was there I did not like.
I would not buy this again. Low cal but had an odd chemical taste.
The flavor is awful! not what i expected.
Impossible to mix, the non-oil part looks like tofu.
Pretzels are small  Very stale. Not good
Nasty  taste and small box for the price ..
No creamy consistency at all. Kind of gross.
It was opened and eaten when we received it. Ridiculous and a scam. Order elsewhere.
They were hard as rocks, and I was unable to return them for a refund because they are food.
i like the souce but the meet flavor its not good
Terrible taste. So much artificial sweetener.  Did not like it at all
they were to hot...........gave them to our clreaning lady
Too salty for me. I am not a fan...
Count your k cups.... I was shorted 8 in one completely sealed box.
Want refund immediately as product may be moldy.
Sort of disappointed-a little flavor less.
This is not worth money spent.  Quantities are not as shown in picture of product.
Tasted like ground up cardboard!
Out of the entire box there were only 18 usable.  The rest were all broken beyond usage.
Package contained worms in it
Dried up.  No returns.  Bad policy.  Do not order.  It is a trap to get rid the bad product.
You end up paying over $5 a can which is amazing that Amazon allows price gouging like this.
Package looks very old and product exp
I have ordered this many times.  Very unhappy.  Many of cups split and overflow when used
Yuck! I regret buying this. So salty that it tasted like drinking soy sauce. Do not buy!
I bought them for my teenage son who is been on a Boba kick, he thought they were awful
Looks great, tastes awful
I tried it, not like it.  Stars cannot be zero.
Most of the pieces had brown spots, and all the nuts were burnt.
All my chip bags were crushed
The product came broken in many pieces. Very disappointed!
The colors were faded they did not pop... sugar sheet itself brittle.
There was no scent and it did not moisturize
I enjoy the product but they are stale had to through them out will not buy from this seller again
They taste and smell horrible. There are even shells in it.  I Am afraid I will chip a tooth.
Container arrive opened, content spilled all over the shipping box
Worms aside, someone daring took a taste and said it was mediocre.
Do not order when to expecting warm weather, they will melt together
This item came opened. The bag was ripped. I had to throw it all away!!
Product contains Maltodextrin, so I will not purchase this product again.
Came broken into little pieces. Thank not attracted squirrels not birds. Hard pass.
do not send me this item ever again.
Not good got sick
Arrived late, crushed, and unuseable. Was a complete waste of money.
There is sandy grit in every bite.  Ruined 2 batches of muffins.
the crackers arrived damaged cannot consume them
The last two packages I bought were stale.  There was no expiration date on the package.
Broke as soon  as I opened the package.
It arrived broken... would have been so beautiful
Too many weirdly flavored coffees.
Picture is misleading, these are tiny packages. Do not waste your money!
Ugh.... I opened the package and the smell is horrible.  Just terrible!!!  
Candy was melted when it arrived
Same texture as jerky for double the price lol
Love these chips but may not be a good idea to order them online. They do not travel well
suited only for those that have yet to enjoy a proper bean
This thing was expired 2-3 months before it was shipped to me.
There is no taste of ginger at all. Just plain lemon.
I received my cookies earlier than expected but most of them were broken.
Only the cherries taste good. Mostly the fruit is bland and feels like plastic. Yuck!
Love twizzlers but both boxes I bought were stale.
Cupcakes are old, stale, and hard. It is most likely expired. PLEASE STOP SELLING EXPIRED ITEMS!!
Rose petals were brown upon arrival.  Not sure I will ever order flowers online again.
Not good for you fake everything
tastes like playdough. take my advice and do not buy
Threw it out.  Very stale.
They are old.  Going to return refund.
I could taste the artificial sugar and it made me sick.
This is hugely overpriced. You can buy an eight pack of this water for $3.56 in a grocery store.
Super cute. But it is a little cardboard cutout. Returned. Disappointing.
tasted bad was not at all like advertised  no icing and  it was folded up  in box
Closely look at what you ordered!
It surely was not extra tender!! It was like chewing  leather!
Item box was left in a hot place (in transit). This is the result:
Stale and grainy!!!
It was frozen not fresh or ready to cook.
I do not understand how EVERY TEA BAG HAS AN OPENING IN IT EVERY LAST ONE!! What a waste of money
I very much like the product, but I am not drinking this stuff.
Was melted when delivered; huge disappoint
Received these on July 15 2022. Chips expire on September 6th 2022-
These had a hard, undercooked texture even after cooking. Maybe a bad batch? Yuck.
Really bad rub. Smells And tastes of anice. Makes for terrible wings.
Save your money and look somewhere else.
Lol, I bought this at Walmart for $10. Do not spend $30 on this...
Bought this for coloring eggs. Did not work!
This is the oldest least appetizing cocoa beans I have ever seen.
Not enough crunch, acidity, spice ir salt. A disappointing purchase. I will stick with McClure's.
It tasted good but it did not have any effect. And it was squished when it got delivered
Texture and taste was terrible
Taste was EXTREMELY SOUR; unpleasantly SOUR
i love the beyond burgers but not the crumbles
They did not bother to let the berries ripen before picking them.
Sent me packages that were leaking also over priced
too many bones, be careful . . .
Plant is sharp and prickly.  It is ugly and not like the picture shown.  Do not buy.
Was excited to order this sauce...but it tastes like canned spaghettios with minced Spam.
I recieved no more milk tea instead of third trimester tea.
Tasted so old and had some molds and really dark colors on most of them
Dislike can not taste the flavor in the water
I am very please with the product.
Horrible it was only crumbs.  Why even bother to send such a nasty product.  Very disappointed.
Not enough flavor and so hard I thought it would break my teeth.
It is a salty taste. Do not buy it!
Bought as a gift, packaging came all bent, disappointing. Plus, too expensive. Would Not buy again.
This water taste like ink I am sacred to drink it horrible taste
false advertisement. The serving size is 100g not 289g
Price is CRAZY for the little amount of the product!
I did not receive the correct product.  I received carmel topping and needed butterscotch
Could not eat it was melted
No Taste..waste of Money!!!
Received this item with a dented can that was broken open and leaked .  Very disappointing.
fluid was leaked. other product was wetted. I want to return but too...
The best thing about this was the tin.
Very unpleasant taste and texture.  Would not buy again.
All the M&Ms in ALL the packages arrived pulverized and were completely inedible.
I thought this was an edible when I bit into it. I am not happy with it but that is what I get
I only received one package.  They taste great, but I did not get the (Pack of 3) advertised!
This just taste as SUGAR and nothing else.
Disappointed it was on a plastic bottle. Not chemical free after all.
Had no vanilla flavor at all. Would definitely not buy it again.
This product has carageenan. Take it out.
worst soup i ever tasted, no chili elements at all, no body
We need a NO star review. Sad that we cannot get our money back from this nasty nasty nasty cake.
These are two itty bitty jars!!!
Received a melted blob of chocolate. Sad.
Amazon fail.  Needless to say  fragile was not a concern
It is not gross or anything, just not for me
It literally did not taste the change of anything for me, I am really let down
Weird flavor, greasy, too sweet, and not worth the $4-5 price tag. Does not taste like wagyu to me.
The coffe is great but the capsule does not work at all and broke my machine
Leave an after taste in your mouth and tastes very bitter!!!!!!!
Received a broken bottle
Too starchy stuck to the cooking vessel.
Do not waste your money. It tastes awful and cannot be returned.  
This came as one muffin, not a container of six as the picture indicates.
Taste so not great
They came melted and stuck together like glue
Did not taste at all like 100 percent Kona I have had in the past and recently. Total rip off.
Came melted to each other and the chocolate had bloomed even though it is January.  Waste of money.
they came all in pieces  I should it know, I will not buy anymore
Gross. Do not buy it. Nastiest cupcakes I have ever had
This product came broken and melted and I have not been able to get my money back!!
Nice product, shipped very poorly
The product had been previously opened and
The suckers were old.
Not very tasty when the broccoli is no longer green. I should have filed a complaint but did not.
It arrived in an undamaged box but inside both were covered in syrup
Not the same flavor at all as the large bags
I love the taste,  but stay away from maltodextrin and trans fats!
Coffee was not great. Tasted awful
It was crumbs when I finally received it!
This mix is so bad 
Cans were crushed. Not due to packaging I believe they were crushed before
Not like quality salmon I get from Sams club. Slimy and fishy. My dogs will not even eat it!
Not good at all and over-priced.
there just were not any paw patrol ones. very disappointing
Delivered melted chocolate  from heat.
Opened box and this is what I see. Took out a few cans and found one that completely blew up.
Unfortunately every bar was broken.
Very stale.  Ordered in early April, should not be melted, but to was.
Avoid this flavour if you actually like key lime pie.
terrible, i would rather puke
Really not very good.
I am sad I received this broken and leaking
These were expired and then not eligible for a return.
Stale and inedible. Do not waste your money
Does. NOT work! Cannot even say $24 as I ate 2 boxes and did not even have gas
too light flavor and color, very low quality, not work on cold water either.
Will not buy this again.  Yuk.
Stale out of the package.  Had to throw them out.
All the chocolate sunk to the bottom.  We had to go to the store and buy new ones.  Ugh.
The package was open when I received it and it is not returnable.
I personally did not like its flavor as it was quite bland
Basic pepper blend plain cayenne is hotter
I love the product but the units were open and there was candy everywhere.
Do not waste your time
Meat was really mushy and had no distinct flavor.
Tasted awful, and smelled a lot like a litter box on a hot summer day. Buy something else!!!!
When I got it it was all broken could have been shipping
FOIL TOP/COVER VERY HARD TO OPEN,PLASTIC CONTAINER NOT RECYCLEABLE.
Never tried these before but they looked good... what a mistake these are nasty & flavorless.
Bought these on 10/2022 and they have little fuzzy mold growing on them now and its 12/2022.
They are Christmas ornaments, not cake decor.
the candy was melted beyond eating
Candy did not taste fresh
Tiny. Not available for returns. Not happy at all.
These were stale and crumbling. The chocolate ones were so dried out big waste of money..
has a bad taste to it... ?spoiled. Amazon refunded quickly.
Shipping is so SLOW. Not worth it. Will order from Zappa website for now on. Ridiculous.
Taste really bad!
Just tastes like vinegar. Not spicy at all and no real flavor.
The flavors and texture were not welcoming to children.
Product came with mold in it and I am not able to get a refund
Flavor, freshness, variety of what was ordered and not received.
Very bitter no matter how I prepare it.
I thought they were kosher but they are not and cannot return :(
Not my thing. I did not like the taste.
Got it by Jan 2021 but the item got expired by Dec 2020.
Would not buy this product of China.
What you see on the website is not what you get
The flavor was very good but the salt chunks were just to big, more lemon would have been better
Overpriced. I did not realize this was only 2 boxes or I would not have purchased.
Could not eat any of it because it molded right after we received it.
These came so stale and chewy, disgusting! I am so disappointed, absolutely do NOT recommend..
Cookies in both packages are burnt and ruins the taste
They were awful!  I had to toss them in the trash.
Title says it is a 6 pack but only one bottle arrived.
Chicken (both packages) arrived September 11 with an expiration date of 8/5/2021.
Was not the product I wanted
Picture is deceiving, bag is very small. I am embarrassed to give it to the intended recipient.
Way too oily, too much Italian seasoning
Do not buy. It is an 8 pack. Insane price. They fooled me.. DO NOT BUY THIS IS AN 8 PACK FOR $31
Sent me an old bottle literally expires In 2 weeks
Item was received all melted All discs stuck together
Never again , these were stale and old tasting, unable to be eaten. Disappointed
Expired two months before purchase. Lemon juice was brown.
small tiny bag....I am embarrassed i paid $8 for it
The box was filled with ants and half the bags were busted open.
Absolutely disgusting.  Tasted very stale. Zero stars if I could.
Too watery not at all what I expected
FALSE ADVERTISING,,,the bread has 7 gramsof carbs per slice
Product came in a smashed box with the bottom film over the chocolates removed.
This has such a weird after taste.  I threw them out.
only buy if you have already tasted these elsewhere.
Do not buy has message
Smells like floor cleaner. Tastes like something indescribably terrible.
Hard crunchy and they broke I was not able to use them I literally lost my money
disliked everything.  not a quality product.
they tasted old and I would not buy again.
Product did not taste like bacon at all!  5 other people agreed.
The item had no taste.
Thought I was getting all flavors
they did not come on time and were melted
Horrible! Our family loves pickled eggs... this brand not so much.
Great product!  Was never delivered as it said it had been.
so sweet.  I do not like this at all.
Was old, sticky expired
It arrived expired and covered in mold! Had these before and they were good.
I was not a fan of the flavor. Very disappointing.
Every pod ends up brewing a cup full of grounds. Such a shame since this is a good flavor.
Product pumps way too much syrup
Package arrived damaged and glass container shattered everywhere.
Basically all tastes like cardboard.
I did not like this product!
The colors look really cheap for the price you pay.
Flowers did not make it to the party. Arrived on Tuesday and were no good by Saturday.
Ordered this July 17th,2016 and the expiration date is September 2016!
I purchased a pack of 2, but received only one.
Taste like straight cream cheese with Robitussin on top.
very very greasy and tough to chew
Not edible dry  out so bad you could not even eat it.
Curry was not hot enough  but mostly I do not like the texture of the noodles
Received wrong item... have no idea what this is and there is no return policy?????
The product had little flavor of BBQ.  It had a stronger taste of old oil.
the tuna tasted gross.  did not taste like tuna, had a bad aftertaste,too.
I AM PISSED OFF THERE ARE 28 PIECES IN HERE I GOT RIPPED OFF OH I AM VERY ANGRY
Too expensive for 1 box of mediocre cookies
EVERY SINGLE CAN WAS DAMAGED! Did not know I was buying damaged goods at regular price! Terrible!
Very sour. Ruined my pad Thai.
Just plain gross.
They all taste like spicy beef jerky. What a rip.
Drinks are expired and taste awful. Cannot return. Do not buy!!!
Cheap cheap plastic and easily breaks.  And it is NOT returnable.
Not what I thought.  Got rid of it.
Candy was melty and warm when delivered
I purchased a box that arrived crushed. Every candy was broken 
They were so salty, like eating a bottle of salt
The package only contained 3 bottles instead of 8
I ordered 20 halves and I got 10
Inedible of course. Could not even open the tin.
The tomato was red at the top but rotten all the way around
Product was in small pieces
Received chips that were already expired for 1 month...sad.
This had terrible flavor. It was very bitter!
I have tried multiple times and this yeast does not work.So disappointing!!!
These just are not for me. I wanted to like them but I just cannot make myself eat them.
Do not buy they are stale. I had to throw them out.
This coffee has a high acidity and is very hard on stomachs. Not recommended.
Very disappointed. This product had absolutely zero flavor. A waste of money
Does not taste that good
The Odor lures you in but one swig and it is terrible.
Expensive I found a bigger size bottles for even cheaper then one of these at a local super market
Do not like the taste. Weird flavor.
The breads are all MOLDY I was not able to eat all of it, I have to trash them.
These pecans were almost inedible. Cooked way too much. The sugar was burnt.
I did not like the taste of it
The cans were dented and I cannot get a refunded. Purchased in March 2022. Buyer beware!
After I ordered it for $10 I found it in a store for $2.99! Chock that one up as experience....
The marshmallows were all stale when we received and opened the package.
Just opened, very dried out, crumbly even though not expired. Yuck
Boquet of 10 tulips looked skimpy with tightly closed petals.  Would not order again.
Container was smashed.
Hazelnut creme - with no hazelnut nor creme.
Purchased for Halloween and they expire 11/22!  Old product!
Unfortunately, this bottle arrived leaking though sealed.
Tastes horrible!
Only 9 sleeves were received Not 10. I was charged for 10 sleeves but only received 9
I had to use three bags to make a strong tea.
For me the taste was not there
Did not take the flavor advertised
The packages came pre-priced.  This was not mentioned anywhere in the description.
Complete misrepresentation and obscenely over priced, waste of money.
they are small dry and gross, will not buy again
All over my mushrooms. These are NOT fresh.
Very little flavor, loose in box, overall disappointed with product
gallon of mayonnaise received with no label or expiration date
The taste was not good to me
Did not like the taste....threw it away. Immediately
It broke did not get to use on cake left without anything on cake
All of the bottles came in leaking and sticky
Has no coffee flavor, the Solmo and Happy Belly are much better.
BBQ was okay but the Jalapeno... yuck
Order was cancelled.
Very bad. Seems very old and dry. Not buying again.
I love the oranges but 7 out of the 12 were too damaged to use.
Not fresh. Terrible
Candy was old and stale
Taste bad. Too much ginger and cinnamon.
Box was completely sticky with juice from one of the cups.
just like a laxative....very uncomfortable
Kids say it is 'gross'!  Not selling at all. Big mistake buying it.
The tea was outdated and there was no refunds!
I am so disappointed  this rice is not basmati. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!
Way too small! Too expensive
The taste were too sweet
Good cereal but cheaper in the supermarket
item is as described. the texture and I did not agree....then there is the smell.......ahhh no.
Loudest tea I have ever tasted.  Do not waste your money
Not real happy.  Tasted almost a little stale.
Packaging indicates 7 gr of protein for 2 fillets.  Not much protein.  Mostly batter.
There were ants covering the food inside.
Most of candy was crushed
Horrible. Product came w/ condensation in the bag. Salt is clumped together and not salty.
I threw away both bags of candy from my purchase because of the candy coating.
Came broken. Unable to return.
Coffee pods broken open and all over the box.
I have no idea personally but I was told they are not even close to marron glacee
As it is based on alcohol, it does not taste as good as non-alcohol vanilla extract.
Broken could not use
Misadvertising.  Not 4g. carb.  Really 42g. carbs.
Not what you think. Pretty much just Cheez-its.
Product was damaged.
These are extremely overpriced and arrive mostly all broken. Many in several places.
Tastes ok but can be found for less elsewhere
Like eating fatty tubes of unflavored, mashed scraps. After eating two, I threw the rest away.
In small pieces...unable to use for s'mores as planned
I liked it. I use it as a supplement in my food.
Came totally broken into little bitty pieces.  Tasted good!
Taste horrible. Nothing I expected. Will not buy again
Bag arrive bust open
Absolutely no flavor should have listened to the other one-star review and wayyyy to much starch
over priced. found it at my local store for 2.37
Arrived broken and bent, not sure if I can try to fix it but it is not returnable.
How can this be keto friendly with 24 grams carbs?
Very disappointing.  I would prefer to drink instant coffee. Have left them at work with a warning.
Good product but does not ship well. All cans arrived dented.
Did not like the taste. Bought it for a trip for snacks
Yuck! I did not like the flavor at all! It does not smell or taste like maple.
taste was horrible would not give to my worse enemy .Need some type of compensation.
Description says five bags of 9 packs. Only received 1
Terrible, nearly every piece broke apart as soon as it was handled
The peanut are extremely salty. The salt overpowered the old bay flavor.
It was bitter making it from scratch better I did not like this at all
Already submitted
I am not satisfied with my order . I expect to receive what I paid for...
The whole experience stinks.
Received unusable product and cannot return - ripped off
They were rotten with awful smell.
INACCURATE listing - returning product
Old stock, had to throw away
No flavor so it is a waste of money
Every one of them are broken. Waste of money.
I ordered this item on 08/20/2021; it arrived 08/22/2021 with a Best by Date of 16 June 2021.
Molding, not sure why these were picked up and delivered to our home
Was listed as 4 units, and received just one! Also, arrived in crumbles.
I really did not like the flavor, its so so sad ,,, such waste of money
0 starts, Way to expensive for awful tasting cereal,  had to throw out.
There were bugs in the package.  I had to throw everything out.
Could not even use it it ruined the cake lifted right off of it after a few min
Not a single one had a working heater, no drink included either
I look unusual things. This was undeniable.
Missing items and chocolate crumbs and wrappers in box
Some of the Andy had opened in the bag and melted on the others. Not what I was expecting.
Product arrived totally crushed.
No flavor just sugar - disappointing for the price
Received original flavor instead of nacho cheese flavored. Very sad.
The last 4 orders were stale!!!had to throw Them out! PLEASE ADVISE!!!
Very Bad Tasting . Will never buy this again.
NOT as pictured, Montreal steak is a sauce. You need to send me the spice bottle.
Product was stale.
No flavor very weak
The bag was too small for the price. It took weeks to get delivered. Not worth it.
These candies were past their expiration date.
This florped my expectations.
This is awful tasting, Tito's vodka could not help
I heard that this will help me to increased breasts feeding but did not.
Instantly grew mold
not extra hot not hot at all very disappointing horseradish!!!!!
I do not know why everybody gives this green tea such good rating I think it is not good at all.
Could not use.  leaking all over jar and box. Obviously not sealed.
Over priced only got 5 pods smells sour this product is made in Taiwan not in south Caroline
Disliked the taste so much, I threw out after one use.  Able to taste artificial sweeteners.
Cheap chocolate, taste like plastic
price gouging at its finest.
Stale. What else is there to say?
It says pack of FIVE. But I only get one pack in the package....
It was the worst hard candy I have ever tasted.
i do not know, maybe the pepper tastes good, but I have not even opened the bag and it is got mold on it, gross
Thought it was for making ham gravy. Was Disappointed
Love taste cannot find it anywhere  its delicious
Sorry, but this is terrible. Especially it is texture.
CAME ALL SMASHED 
Extremely hard and not tasty.
Peanuts arrived stale. There was a pinhole in the foil that is supposed to keep the peanuts fresh.
Great taste, lousy price.
Received an expired product. New sticker was pasted on the bag with old material.
The blackberries taste like soap or shampoo
tastes like burnt coal
22 $ for 4 89 cent cans. A rip off.
Product is expired by two months . Also little flavor
These were awful! Really gross and I cannot seem to return them?
The product was melted
Item arrived broken with bbq sauce everywhere.  No return policy.  Stupid dumb.
Fit perfectly on top my mom's 80th birthday cake and looked elegant. Well made.
"I receive damaged syrup all over in the box so I tried to return but it says ""NO RETURN"" !!!"
I foolishly did not  read the description for this and paid $8 for ONE candy bar.
The bag had a cut in it when I opened the box it came in!
Painfully salty. Cannot even use it. Pity.
Almost all of them came melted and mushed. It did not work at all!
Only received 21 packs !!!!! was suppose to have 32
Not a fan of this one taste is horrible. BUT like the other flavors!
Packaging was oily and taste was terrible
Definitely could not even eat it the cheese flavor was awesome but the noodles was a no go
Chocolate with white cast and broken off of orange jelly.
Bottle was shattered. Hot fudge everywhere.
They were not very good, seemed expired and were way overpriced.
last box I purchased tasted terrible. Afraid to drink it .  Trashdd the entire box.
Would not order again.  I do not think they taste that great....neither did my coworkers.
Arrived melted and inedible. I am so glad I did not give these as a gift!
It looked off when it arrived and sure enough it ripened horribly. Tasted awful. Do not buy it.
Two off the three bottles were broken
The product tasted stale will not purchase again had to refund my customers
Missing the lid.
Too small for the price.
Way too watered down. Had to return it
One jar was opened with product coming out. Had to pitch. Very disappointing.
It was stale and hard as a rock
Almond were moldy
Gift was shattered when opened so could not give as a Christmas present.
Was after maple smoked, pepper jerky. Nope. So drenched in pancake syrup its sticky.
I was only sent 1 box and I should have received 2.
These just did not taste good to me at all.
Dried and tastes funny.
Horrible tried twice and did not get any mold growth around my beans
It was a huge price . I will not be ever buying from the same company Gloria M
I could not even try the popcoen because the bag was open when i recieved my package today.
Unfortunately has a chicken flavor undertone will not buy it again.
Can is crushed and dented! Is it safe to eat or do I return it for a replacement?
Made my colitis flare bad
The mints are hard and have no flavor.  It is like sucking on a sugar cube that is old.
Hard and it tastes disgusting.
Came in one big globby block. Do not buy! No return or refund on these.
All smashed !!!!
That I cannot return it.  The top was broken when I received it.
It was not like the original one you get in the store
Expensive and it really tastes yucky.
no flavor, would never buy again
The worst tasting Tastes like if sugar was melted on top of candy Uneatable
Not what I was looking for.
If you like cough syrup you might like these!
I did not like like the taste of this as it left a bad aftertaste in my mouth.
Not compatible with nespreso virtuo as stated.  Can I return. ??
Tastes nothing like sugar and is too expensive.
Tasteless and unbelievably dry sawdust! I am sorry but I have to be honest.
This is the worst Boost flavor I have ever had.  Will be changing my subscription!
One bag mushy rotten one bag perfect!
Only received one can for $8
I did not care for it was not very chocolatey. It says I cannot return I had bought two canisters
Arrived an cookies are in crumbs
NOT TASTY. NOT HEALTHY. NOT A LOW CALORIE FOOD.
I love cold brew. I can barely choke this one down. It tastes like sour milk.
Biscuits arrived in crumbs - they were cracked into small pieces.  Had to eat with a spoon.
Did not like the taste and it was old.
Instructions were in Japanese. So I have not made it yet and may not.
I finally got my order of sunflower seeds in and they all were expired
below Whole Foods standards
Terrible odor and did not taste good. Not what I anticipated.
and all the nut chips were knocked off
Definitely did not like this coffee
This gives wine a perfume taste
The candy arrived rock hard, obviously very stale and old. Do not buy!
The pictures are a box full of taffy for 26 dollars and thus is what you get
Flavor was not what I expected 
Yea is delicious but the boxes arrived in a soft envelope and they were crushed.
The taste is nothing like the stuff at the store. This is tap water only worse.
very angry, i have got coconut flavor and i have allergy to coconut! lost my money
great price but roses are bruised and past fresh when they arrived
It was delivered as a solid piece of candy.  Melted together. 
Product arrived broken. How do I get a refund?
Tasted HORRIBLE!  WAS VERY THIN AND HARD TO FLIP WITHOUT MAKING A MESS.  WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN
Really not worth the price, will not order again
I paid for 16oz jars, but received 12oz jars.
many of the k-cups in this variety pack are NOT DECAF, could be harmful to some people
Difficult to use, does not dissolve properly, even changes color. Does not stay metallic
I ordered vape juice not whatever this is
Pass this one by.  Very pricey and just not good.
I would not try again
Ordered pack of three boxes and only received one box
Lovely presentation but I dislike the after taste.
"Taste a ""Whopper"" and see what it should taste like!!!"
Could not eat and threw out too sticky. Could not even unwrap.
I received the wrong item
This pumpkin spice coffee had a different and odd flavor that was bitter.  Plus it was expensive.
They were dry and had no liquid in the cans. The sausage was even a bit hard to chew
So far fail to grow
Way too watery! Will not buy again. You do not get what you pay for here!
Very stale could not eat
Very disappointed! Description states 4 boxes of 30 packs of cookies it is only 1 box of 30 packs.
Product was disgusting
Not a great taste.
COOKIES CAME IN SMASHED . WHEN I GO ON LINE SAYS NON RETURNABLE
Over half are broken and cannot be used.  Very diapointing.
Bread itself is great but it came all cracked.
This is not chewable. It is very soft and sticks to teeth. Threw out the whole package.
Half of the cans arrived with dented seals. One was dented on it is side, and 2 had no dents.
Sorry to say it but most lost that crisp crunch and tasted partly stale
Absolutely disgusting. Tastes like actual chemicals
Horrible.  Do not recommend.  Made my stomach hurt.  Ugh!!
This came opened and with a used fork in the package - it had also spilled all around the edges.
i wasted ny money. Even the cheap brands are better than this
Came with broken pieces.  VERY DISAPPOINTING
Taste like chemicals. Are not the same product sold on the companys website.
TINY cherries... Watery juice... Not worth Godiva name.
They were stale! I do not recommend buying.
Package came opened.  Do not order from these people.  I will not use this opened crap!
Expired has nasty white chucks even after shaking it constantly
Better to get citric acid than this, flavor was poor
Most of the pie shells were broken
Box had safety wrap cut and box opened
Stale!! Poor quality
Very little flavor, much to expensive for what you get
Only received one pie crust
The consistency was terrible.  Cheese was not fresh nor would even melt.
Item not as described: loose kcups in a plain brown shipping box
Box came damaged with tape.  Garbage
Are you kidding me?? $10 for the tiniest bag of chocolates that I have ever seen!?? WASTE OF MONEY.
Bought as a gift, package and sticker damaged. Cannot present as gift.
The bread is fine. but it is def not sourdough and should not be marketed as such. it has yeast.
Even though the expiration date is June 2015, they all taste off, as if they have gone bad.
These came and tasted like plastic..we all got ill from eating them! Do not order these!!
Received damaged. Glass was broken and product has glass in it.
Way to expensive now $30 for a 2.5oz pack
It arrived used. It is edible, so obviously that is out of line.
Only received 4 cases...ordered 5. Got billed for 5 !
Ordered on 3/10/23 and when I received them they were already expired in 2/23/23
Does not really work, I have seen 0 results.
Horrible purchase. Arrived broken and much of the candy pictured is not included.
I was charged for 2Funnel Cake Starter Kits and I only received 1and I only ordered 1.
Lots of opened packages...taste off. Buyer beware of low low prices.
The gumibears taste great but it is like chewing on plastic.
They were dry and not at all what we looked forward to.
not a good taste
Totally dry and unusable.
Arrived in pack of 2 melted in a ball.
This product is way too expensive for the quantity
Half of the order was rotten the other half was dry and no good
This is a rip off!  More than $6 for a TINY package.
A box full of 6 bags of crumbs.
Not a sunshine product. Did it come from China. No cheese on most of the crackers.
Yuck. Not very good at all.
Taste is sweet, very faint black cumin seed flavor. Gross.
Appearance of old, whitish chocolate.
It was all over the place in the box
Left a horrible taste in my mouth
I want Brach mints got another brand why!
Tasted stale. I threw the entire package out the day they arrived.
Terrible acrid aftertaste.
Have loved this coffee but this past delivery was terrible. Burnt taste
This product tastes like stale coffee mate creamer. It is awful. Waste of money!
The product was for me. Awful taste and outdated.
Should be soft. These are rock hard like a  Candy cane
Taste AWFUL. Inedible.
Only received 1- not 6- 1 for $17 :(
barely any mocha flavor, it is like hot chocolate mix
This is a very small canister, not what I was expecting. Too expensive for the amount you get.
Hard minerals/impurities/stones that do not dissolve inside dishes
How large are these pizzas?  Over $20 each?  Not worth it.
Product was stale and not individually wrapped as presented for sale.
Leafs seem to have been chewed off, not doing well. No growth or signs of recovery.
The item was not fresh.
Defective figures
These bags have very little popcorn and a lot of the kernels are not good.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!  They were a big disappointment.  Not enough filling and taste just off.
Plant was dead when reveived
It almost has a bitter taste.. terrible for desserts
There were only a couple of chips chew at all.
Product came in with glass jar broken
Not tasty and did not even taste much like bourbon. Save your money. Very disappointing.
I opened my package to find my stuff opened
crushed upon arrival
Missing two cans of this product
Tastes like regular water waste of money could of got regular water for 3$
I only received 1 package.  This was an incomplete order delivery.
It taste disgusting one of the worst coffes i ever taste
Year on expiration dates are crossed out.  They taste old and are not fresh.  They crumble easily
Disgusting flavor. All I could taste was the sugar substitute.
Product did not not come with a cap!
Like most candy that comes from this place it is stale and I threw them out.
I did not like anything about this snack.
Fresh, moist but did not feel it was tasty. Not worth the money. Keto approved but yuck.
This was delivered broken today.  Please replace thank you.
Seemed old and had lost flavo
These do not work in the kuerig machines .. the cups are to big
What people said were real. All of the crackers were broken. It made it so hard to hard.
Poor quality, arrived rotten
The Holiday Blend that I received was from 2016!  2 year old coffee is awful.  Very disappointed!
Product arrived and had soo much salt on it you could not eat it
Unable to use.  Does not work with the Nespresso machine.  Waste of money.
I thought this was all the same not an assortment!
Came out awful and had no flavor.
Terrible taste, powder is good this is BAD
So far every package I have opened has been stale. I will not be ordering this product again.
I imagine this is what my wood floor tastes like.
The product does not look edible. Old.
super chalky could not stomach it
This should cost $8 tops. Ridiculous.
Supposed to be a NINE PACK. I received ONE and the package was leaking salt. NOT happy.
Worst coffee ever. Had to return. Not expired but no taste or coffee smell
Horrible do not buy
Disgusting. Could not even drink one of these. Over $50 down the drain. Stick to boost plus.
The favor did not taste right
Ordered 3 cases (12 cans/case) and the delivered with only 2 cases in a WalMart box.
The jerky was not even close to the expiration date and it was so moldy!! It was disgusting!
They arrived melted
NOT AT ALL PLANT BASE!! CONTAINS EGGS!
I have note opened the can yet, but it was all dented up.
Arrived open. Item is not returnable. Highly disappointed.
Does not have a good taste
The box was completely crushed. I will not order this again.
Good for kids to play but it does not taste good.
The taste reminded me of cigarettes. Really quite disgusting.
Would not write on cake pops.
Tasted very staled. Ridiculously price for how horrible iy tastes
Not real message would have sent back but did not keep the boxes
Lavender Chamomile/ it is tasteless, as I am drinking water.
The whole box was stale and I still have them, they were stale when I got them so dissatisfaction
Paid 30 plus dollars and received one package. The details say 10 packages of noodles.
Not pomegranate, and tastes horrible.
Received and tried one, taste very stale but not able to return.  Do not waste your money!!!!
Nasty cheese flavor & ridiculously over priced. Korean markets have these for about $5-$6.
Arrived completely melted! A bag of liquid!
They were expensive and not what I expected
The spiced root rum flavored coffee was not for me I like catch a fire.
This coffee is weak and not at all as advertised. Barely flavored water. I had to throw it away.
Tastes terrible, tried it many different ways but could never get myself to choke it down
I was only shipped 15 bars (not the 30 promised)
I did not like this fricking piece of junk do not ever buy it you better not I am watching everything
Really disappointed. Tastes more like a medium roast.
I DO NOT KNOW why this one is so bad but it is
It came all broken.
Flowers were wilted upon arrival
These are inedibly bad.
It is advertised as 2- 9oz. Bags.  I received 1-9oz and 1-7.3oz
The picture had pink roses it came with red. Most of the flowers were welted.
package was not sealed, cannot eat
No taste,except for salt. Better than gaterade, though.
Wayyyyy to expensive here!
95 out of 100 arrived broken
"Dinky taco she will ""boats"", small, stale and ridiculous. Will not ever buy them again."
went bad in a couple of days
I ordered two and both came broken and bent!!
Received it broken and cannot return or get a replacement
Does crumble! Does not taste like bacon. Contains soy!
Arrived broken Could not try it
Item was punctured and spilling out when received so I never got to try the product.
STICKS TO YOUR TEETH AND READY HARD TO EAT.  HAD MANY DIFFERENT BRANDS THIS IS THE WORST.
Peanut butter arrived crushed in package.
Description says pack of 6 but only received 4 bricks
Do not waste your money.
DO NOT BUY only received one box of 24 pouches for $19.95
Very disappointing in this coffee. Very weak and no flavor. Will never buy again
Product was not fresh. Candy was like eating a brick.
Arrived today and bag had a rip in it. Cannot return or ask for a refund, so I am not pleased.
Received this today. Stale as chewy. Awful. Going in the trash. Do not wastebasket your money.
DO NOT BUY THEY ARE MOLDY ROTTEN
The candy was fine, but it was delivered on 11/5.  Should have been there by 10/31 or 11/1.
Very very very tiny.  WAYYYYY overpriced.  Taste was only 'just okay.'
I did not care for these pita breads.
Chunky, powdery soup is not what I would suggest for anyone. Do not do it!
It was open on my porch!
I tried this several different times in different ways and each time it tasted watery and terrible!
The spinach that arrived was wilted, dark and starting to rot.
The product came with a broken seal... and no way to return it :-/
Went moldy in the bag in two days
Useless and no way to return it. Very very disappointed.
I received the salt but not the grinder!!!!
Absolutely disgusting.
Old...tasted horrible. Hard as arock
stale, hard as a rock......
Do not buy! Was sent really old chocolate.
Do not like the taste. Bitter
its NOT dunkin's pumpkin spice!!
The description said 12 packets.  I received ONE!!!
Came moldy, really gross
The flavor is not good at all. Tastes like oil.
Had dirt and tiny rocks in it!
They were expired a month before I placed my order. Very gross.
Flavorless. Nobody wanted to eat them. Threw them in the trash.
They where all broken and I am so disappointed because we had to wait a long time to get them
These were terrible, they had a very artificial taste. Would not recommend.
Buyer beware -- this is $13.52 item is for one (1) quart of soymilk. Not a pack!  Ridiculous!
The pretzels were stale!
Taste not good at all on end all end up in Bin
Not the hearts I remember as a kid
I just did not like it . I would not buy this again.
It had no taste and was very disappointed considering the price would never buy again!!
It came very bad: all was broken. I was able to cook only soup from this lasagna sheets...
Arrived hot. Would not recommend. Currently trying to get a refund on a non returnable item
they were all melted to the paper on arrivial.
Price was not worth it
Received expired product
Hated it! Thin, watery...tasted like vinager with cayenne pepper in it. Yuck
I just recurved this today and it is moldy !
Candy was stale and inedible. Hard as a rock.
You should really explain it is not displayed as you advertise.
I did not realize this was a tiny tin(1lb) for 14.99. I usually buy 3.5lbs for 8.99. Not worth it.
Do not bother. The flavor last less than a minute
After receiving, decided not to keep.... not returnable
I did not like the product was banged up so bad that the seasoning was coming out.
Not fresh tasting at all!
I do not know if I like it as it came to me opened.
Arrived completely broken. Absolutely horrible. Ruined my sons day and cake. Shame on you
Delivered in liquid form, box was wet. I was home when delivered so it did not sit outdoors.
It came in stale and you cannot return it.
Do not buy,too expensive
Only a few pieces of rhubarb. It was 90 percent sauce. Will never buy again.
We received this and was looking forward to it but we received expired product!
Although not satisfied with the product, it is not eligible for return.
taste this did not taste like any hot & sour soup i have ever had before. did not like it at all
The cookies have a short sell by date. Disappointing.
I disliked that you cancelled my order
Stale and poor taste
Received in April 2022,expires in June 2022.  Hard to eat 144 candy bars in 2 months.
Most of the eggs had blood in them. Gross.
The lettuce was already discolored, not worth opening or using. I discarded it.
I was unhappy with this products I do not like this candy. My views is1+. Very poor valued
Looks nothing like the picture or how it usually taste. Wondering if I got an expired batch.
Hoped to use instead of homemade for convenience.  Very bland.
Came in pieces, stale and dry. Awful!
My cans are all dented and smashed not a happy customer
It gave me diarrhea.
STALE!!!! And not returnable!!!
They were stale.
All chips were crumbled.
The chips were expired and very stale!
NESTLE IS A SWISS COMPANY AND I WANTED THE SWISS THOMY, NOT THE GERMAN. THE 2 TASTE VERY DIFFERENT.
terrible it is all taste very bad
Very difficult to make without burning.
TERRIBLE I WANT A REFUND THEY WERE CRUSHED also only received 1 pkg and paid for 2!!!
Not sure how, but there is no vinegar taste to this. A waste
Have to do a better job with the packing could not give this as a gift!! Every dry fruits were loose
just do not buy this
Would give zero stars. Cookies arrived stale and broken in crumbles.
This has a foul chemical taste.  I threw it away.
Expired in January
Not what I thought
Description is all lies. Not organic! No ability to return!
I DID NOT LIKE ANY OF THE FLAVORS. I DID NOT  FINISH ANY AND THREW THE REST OUT.
HARD AS A ROCK....EVEN WHEN DIPPED IN COFFEE
Box does not have microwave directions
Very dry, even after adding butter. Ended up throwing away.
they were not the color shown in the picture
Just like the title says I will not take the chance again!!
The date is 9 months away, but they are stale.
No flavor in the meat and full of grizzled. Stew was bland, no matter how much seasoning was added.
I only got 19 topper and the bag was open.  Do not order from here!
The chips arrived and they were stale. The expiration date is literally next month. Disappointed.
Disgusting.  Every bag contained jerky with mold all over it.
I am sorry but I think it is too sweet. Just want it for snack cravings.
Liked only the one with pistachios. Not very fond of this. They were extremely sweet.
disappointed it will not be here for what i needed it for
The strip are so small taste horrible and to hard to chew.
All of the chocolates I ordered arrived melted and were inedible
All chips were crushed. Bag seemed to only be partially filled with air. Will not buy again
Received them and they were expired and hard as a rock
a sticker stamped 1-31-23 the candy hard expired hard and no flavor both of the bags ordered
I want a refund for receiving all dented cans with my order.
Tastes very bad.
it tells how many each flavor in the box
Hard disgusting bread, I threw it out
This was horrible! Unsealed box! Rock hard!!! Do not order this!!!!
Just was not very good.
Twice I asked for Darjeeling and was sent Scottish Tea.  What is happening?
Old, waxy, cheap, and bad.
Very disappointed with this candy. It was very dry and chalky. Almost no nuts. Horrible.
These are fake peppercorns.
Maybe just me but the flavor was really yucky
Cannot seem to open it so that salt product comes out!
Wasted product for one of the bags of chips.
Did not assess for taste as product was so far past Best By  date
I was trying to get the red one. This one is not it. Not very flavoeful.
How am I supposed to use this? It is not returnable either.
For heaven's sake, show the content label! You show everything else!
Tastes like chemicals.
A lot of bags were opened
Way Way Way to expensive!
both box's were open in shipping box !
Taste is just off.
The bars were very hard and lacked flavor.  I ended up throwing most of them away.
It was old spoiled unusable a waste of money Oh yeah half of it was open.
So disappointed. Already ate a few but discovered horrible mold on several.
the taste was off for me. plus a small bag.
Received the two packs of tapioca but not the straws
I did not use it yet, but I liked it.
Too dry and not good taste
Really???? A bag goes for less than $5 in the store.
Seal was popped open. Guess this is a common thing for this brand sadly.
Tastes like peanut butter only. Even the label says peanut butter but I ordered chocolate.
It is too expensive and I think that it is pretty old.you
Tastes really really strongly of vinegar.
Product was not edible
Was very bitter and too moist for making tea
Tasteless and does not mix well at all.
Crust was to hard for us to eat them.
Many Items expiring in a few days
Do not buy this it is only a 2lb jar not 4lb and it can in sealed
THIS IS FOR A 3 POUND BAG, not 25 as listed in description.
It is so small for $9.99. And the nutrition facts should have been listed before purchasing
half of the K cups did not fully puncture, making a mess.
The cartons were busted open
Terrible taste and texture
Awful. I have never had worse coffee and it does not fit my brewer.
Overpriced. This is 16 oz for more than $8. You can get 32 oz at Wal-Mart for about $5.
Looked good but was stale and very hard.
Horribly overpriced.  4 very small pkgs of over salted cauliflower.
They were Stale and nasty and not worth the money I spent I will not be ordering them again
Bad mix of candy. I wanted to return the bag but was refused.
Disusting.  It tasted stale, and I threw out the entire pack after a couple bites.
Taste great but such a small bottle and now $ 5.00!  Not worth it I thought $1.30 was high !
Ruined a Key Lime pie using combined with with real lime juice, the flavor is vile.
So small and flimsy. Chinas finest crap
Delivered when starting to go bad,
They do not taste the same as they do in the small bags & definitely was not worth $40
The taste is awful like soap and they are the hardest things to open. NEVER again
Taste was really bad.
Absolutely the worst
The other nuts has brown spots
I got 3 bags of completely smashed crackers.
This product came damaged.
Was not a fan of the taste and I have been using Cacao from almost 10 years.
cannot make anything that tastes good with this flour
The flavor was awful.  I did not get any energy from this.  Would not recommend!
Some items expired. Very disappointed.
I have even mixed 1/4 of it with 3/4 green goodness. Still nasty. Leaves an aftertaste too.
received the 4 pack and two were opened at the top
The picture is deceiving it looks like there are three bottles
Ad was very misleading.
Did not taste as good as I would expected. But delivery was prompt and accurate.
Two of then we damaged and I had to throw them away
Bad selection, fruit had large rotten sections.
Very disappointing. More like ground cashews instead of whole cashews. And unreturnable.
Disappointed. Got the package today and there is no way there was 50 items.
While the bottles arrived intact, I only received 9 of the 12 I ordered. Not very impressed.
Way too expensive, just a tiny bag. Not even sweet tasting.
This Tea Is Not What Anyone Who Drinks Earl Grey Tea Would Expect. Strange Flavor; Not Bergamot
Tiny, tiny, very dissapointed!
I love this sauce but the bottle arrived broken with sauce leaking out.
No just no very little for the money. Could make better wings yourself then this.
Disappointed as i purchased to  use as flavoring for the keto fat bombs. still searching...
Had weird smell. Never buy this product!!!!!!!!
Really horrible taste
The product description said pack of 2...I received only one (screenshot).  Buyer beware...
Not palatable.  Threw away
Look at ingredient list and make your own. Not at all hard.
The product was punctured and almond flour is everywhere I need a return.
Description said 30 count but it is only a 10 count bag.  Inaccurate description
All smashed when received
It taste horrible
I will never buy it again
So gross. Tastes like toothpaste. Went in the trash :(
I bought these for my Sugargliders.  Now in the garbage
Bought a box of 100 and the expiration date is  in a couple of days ,  do not buy !
Little jars high price
They were broken and hard?
They were either old or gone bad. Very bitter taste. Threw them away
It is tastes nasty badly and not worth the money spent
Product had zero taste, but they were super fast in refunding.
It is almost expired. And worst of all no returns allowed. WTF ??
This product had about a month of expiration on it, which was a waste of money!
Not as good the blended products they offer. This is almost like yellow water.
These puffs have an odd taste
the lid exploded in the box when it was shipped, could not use it sadly :( Threw it all out!
Not what expected, cheap paper material. Embarrassed to put on my cake. Not worth it!
I had high hopes for this product, but man does this stuff taste bad!
Way to expensive for being imitation which  it did not say.
Japanese Miracle whip. If you like miracle whip then this will be right up your alley.
OUT OF DATE!!! Expired 6/8/2021! Will not let me return or replace!
Tasteless not what I had before. It is chewy gummy texture.
Inside box was severally damaged.  Outside box was not.
Disgusting. Tried one piece and through both packages out.
Their not sealed and taste weird and smell weird
CANNOT USE PRODUCT BECAUSE OF DAMAGED PKG
Showed up with only 2 pumps instead of 3 and the bottles are all dented and dirty.
Product came open
These are garbage. Cannot eat or cook with. Not fresh at all. Bad packaging?
My cat liked the taste.  I do not recommend it for hairball control
Ridiculous, I only received 1 package instead of 12. I was ripped off
Leaky package arrived - product ruined - not eligible to return. Stay away!
There was literally mold growing in almost half of the packages
Not sweet and has strange taste. Waste of money. Very disappointed.
They where rotten, will not buy again.
False advertising. Only one box of 12. Description says 24. Its a scam.
I did not know coffee could be this nasty.
Every M & M was cracked or broken.  The outside, in addition to being damaged, had a white film.
Taste is awful! Cannot see why anyone would WANT TO DRINK IT!
Packages of nuts out of date. Received product in October. Sell By date August 2019
Not as advertised and you can not return item or get a refund.  Beware ! Scam
Beware, most of the variety that we received was NOT compatible with the newest Keurig versions
These were stale as can be !!!!!!
They were stale and had no flavor.
This item came broken. Will need a refund.
Yuck. These were disappointing- there is another brand that is much better
Not as described in picture.
These were stale and tasted terrible like old oil 
The licorice was very hard and stale. My grandkids could not eat them...so disappointed!!!!!!
I do not like the flavors i hate it, i will never buy those tea
I love Ritz crackers but this is the second time I recd them crushed
It said fresh but that is definitely not how I would describe it
It does not tasted like anything. I will not purchase it again.
So frustrated totally smashed like gravel stale and cannot be returned completely disgusted
Flavor notes were very earthy with no other notes. I found it undrinkable due to flavor.
Half of the pods burst.
Huge fan of the classic flavors and the coca nibs one, these new ones were just not a good run
Candy was old and the bag had a hole in it.
Not with the hype
Sunflower oil! ICK!
Was bent when I received it. Was really excited to put it on my shelf.
There is no way this stuff just contains coconut water [juice]. It is terrible!
Great value for the amount received but flavors shown are not what are in the box.
Dose not taste like ramch dressing to much vinegar!!!#
the box was beaten up and the candy broken into tiny pieces
This is one jar for a high price
Glad they were gluten free but they turn to mush in a soup.
nothing but 3 foot pieces, done with sausage maker.
We were sent a 2 pack of product that was soon expired. Not happy!
Not really pineapple tasting. Sad.
Is that the same Palm Plant of forests that are being pulled to destroy the homes of Orangutans?
This itam is damaged. Cans are leaking. I want a replacement
Horrible was dry .. not fresh
It took 3 times the amount I use in my recipe when using a good quality Rose Water.
They not as good as they look but the little cups with string things were really good.
No flavor and bad texture
I will never buy this again. Horrible
I did not care for these!
Arrived with seal broken and spilling in the box.
The bags came flat and Cheetos r old,  Even exp is June 20! Shame on you Cheetos!
Very ketchupy taste, not hot, barely truffly, very disappointed
I do not have the product so I cannot take a pic
This is not the best per lb price at Amazon these are 10.00 more
Amount of salt overpowered flavor of ginger.
This candy was hard and stale... I had throw the entire package in the trash.
Several bags open, with no air in bags and chips out of bags. In bottom of box.
Everything melted. Such an epic fail for a mother's day junk food present.
For some reason the water smells stale .
Would never buy again
On time taste good. But they were all crushed.
All three bags of mix were opened and flour was everywhere when this arrived.
Very awkward, and bigger than expected A total waste of money, do not buy!
More than half of mine were melted when they arrived.
Very skimpy for the price!
13 chips ahoy, 4 yellow oreos, 11 regular oreos. NOT 10 of each
Found a bug on the rice after it was done in the rice cooker. Will be throwing it all out.
Was not sock eyed salmon individual slices. Entire fish. Very disappointed.
The boxes came broken.
I tried these but they were just too gross for me. Had to return them.
Upon receiving the order over half the cans were damaged so it was a waste of money
Sticks together in a big lump. Bland.
Less then half in my pouch
Awful. I am not sure what this flavor is but it is definitely not teriyaki. Just wasted 5 lb of meat
The did not care for the flavors. Just was not something I expected to dislike - was disappointed.
Candy was melted and some pieces were partially unwrapped. Did not bother tasting it.
Candy tasted old
Only received one can when they advertised 24 cans do not order this.
I do not Like ,Way the Have spice I Have Heart Borne After I Drinking I am Very Sorry 
Terrible taste! Not worth the money! Not worth any money!
Tastes exactly like eating a bar of soap. I had to throw them out.
Bags of chips were stale and some have mold of the chips. Gross!
The candy in the picture and description was not what we received. We did receive a refund though.
yuck.  I did not like the flavor of cardboard. or the grit.  the cheddar bunnies are good.
I did not like this singles coffee. Did not taste good for me. I would not buy again
Would never buy again. Too mushy and taste was awful
Stale! not even close to fresh!
Half of my package had crushed & broken cookies
They were stale, yuck! ended up in the trash
These were horrible walnuts. Will not buy again And will not recommend.
Very thick and I did not like the taste
Product was open and had leaked out into bag.
Thought these would be bite sized chewy granola bites- not so much.
Taste like a pile of flour, not good at all. There was no crunch!
Came in soaked wet..
actually disliked this tea intensely.  I gave it to a friend who swears by it.
One of the boxes were open and it only had 5 sausages.
Why are these so expensive that price is ridiculous when i only pay .20 cents a pack
This is the most disgusting flavor of anything I have ever tasted! So totally gross.
The package was ripped when it arrived
I only received 1 bag instead of two.
outdated and stale ! went in the trash do not buy waste of money
Came wilted and spoiled.
Received product on 4/25/19 product expires 04/19.
Very expensive for just 1 box! Very misleading. I thought that I was purchasing 6 boxes.
I like fish but this was disgusting.
When I unwrapped the hot sauce it had leaked out. The lid was cracked and the seal fell right off.
Price gougung! Taking advantage of others in desperate times!!! SHAME!
I need to return this unopened product - it is not safe to consume. Need help with this
These are horrible. I do not like the taste. They are like a stale cheeto. I would not recommend.
I read the reviews and was hopeful.  This really had no flavor.  I pitched it
But not by the taste, price gouging like this should be a crime
It is very bad, camical taste.
$22 for a bag of Doritos? Wtf is wrong with you people?
came in another products box..threw them out,purchased oct 2018...exp date 10/18/18
No hazelnuts and no chocolate, just plain old caramel corn, very disappointed
Showed up rotten
Product stale and hard, not fresh at all.
I did not like that they are non-returnable but so melted that they are not edible.
It is not a BUTTER.  It is a PUREE, full with sugar. Just tested it and put it in the trash.
One of the legs broke.. had to hot glue it.
Very disappointing. Not 1:1 replacement for sugar. Not tasty.
Other reviews have it right = broth with least amount of stuff you have seen. Will not reorder
The package came open I am very hesitant to eat for that reason.
Yeah... was all melted together...will not be buying this ever again 
It was a one bite avacado,to small.
Do not waste your money
the chocolate is kind of whitish I think it is old
It was horrible.  I throw them a way
Candy is OLD!!!!
Some of the worse substitutes I have ever tasted.. NEVER again.. OMG
Horrible taste. Do not recommend even for the price.
Totally broken in crumbs. We could not even eat them.
The product was very moldy.
I threw them out.  Chalky, hard as a rock.  Not edible.  Stick with Altoids!
Really do not like this product. Do not care for the taste.
I did not like this product way  too sweet not for me candy lovers k I am will like this one
It has yucky mucky rosemary in it
Every single can is dented. I am not sure if it is safe to use.
These look nothing like the pictures, not pleased with this purchase
They are not fresh or whole
Cakes evidently got hot after or during delivery. They were melted. Did not taste good either.
Ridiculous price for only one soda.  One. Not one six pack.
They tasted horrible!
Box was open ?? See picture. ???? Is it safe??
One of the 3 containers was broken. Trying to get a partial refund.
The cookies are disgusting
This product came in bag that was not sealed and there was mold growing on the tomatoes.
I know things settle but really? The container is only half full.
Outdated product....best by date of 12/2020. It even tasted gross! Do not buy from this source!
They all were glued to the edge and rip open spilling tea everywhere.
Did not like it.  Do not remember why.  Gave it away.
It did not have much flavor compared to a lot of other coffee brands I like.
Olives with pit. Not easy to eat. Sorry I bought it
Not enough dressing
ALL I GOT WAS A LITTLE CAN!
Bag was mashed due to heavy bottles damaging the bags of chips. So disappointed
You get what you pay for! Did not like, look very cheap. Would not recommend it.
Kind of a high price for such a tough and bad tasting jerky.
Not good at all or hot to be cinnamon.
Kumquats are too sour and  green (has to be yellow).  20% too small
There is not a ton of flavor- but what flavor there is; is not good
Expiration 3/06, Purchased 4/19
Advertised as MILD.  Soooo spicy! Cannot eat it.
It was completely full of ants and all broken to pieces.
Crappy overpriced bag of junk
I need to return this.  One of the cartons opened in shipping and breadcrumbs everywhere!
Not sturdy, glitter part falls off then touches cake.
The peanut brittle was all stuck together!!!!!
the candies were hard when they should not be and the chocolate had white on it from age
Did nothing for me. These were just expensive snacks.
Did not like this coffee.  Does not taste like chocolate or coffee to me.
Lots of broken bits of candy in the bottom of the box.
These are minuscule, so small they are not worth unwrapping to eat.  Very disappointed.
I was fixing to try it and no seal whatsoever.
Half the syrup were smashed and spilled in the box. I phoned right away to complain.
Tasted chalky and did not have a nice taste.
The 3 Musketeers bites are old and discolored.
Got it fast.. seeds are very stale
These were DEFINITELY  old!
I tried making non dairy yogurt and it was a fail each time.
Received the Digestive Biscuits 3 pack today.  The expiration date is May 22, 2021!!!!!
"Thick and difficult to work with. Has horrible ""minty fresh"" aftertaste"
The addition of stevia to this tea makes it disgustingly sweet.
Did not like the coffee. Could not return. Might be great coffee but it was not for me.
Total rip off never saw a small bottle like this before  ridiculous. DO NOT buy this
One egg missing, one cracked and running.
So gross do not waste your money.
Great price but would not buy again as they have NO FLAVOR
Very disappointing
Do not purchase. Deceiving photo. The actual item has way more ingredients.
So disappointed with the taste of this flavor
Lid on bottle was broken upon on arrival.  Item spilled in bag.  Disappointed customer.
These sticks were all broken and the wrapping is very lose so the candy tastes old DO NOT BUY
The showed up thawed. So they were no good at all.
was not properly store so there was a change in color
This seems like a clone copy etc. this is not the original formula.
I was saving for our Fourth of July celebration.  They are melted into one big cube.
Walmart carries these in packs of 5 for $4.95....I am just saying....
Not as tasty as I would have liked.
Wonderful granola, but dealing with the supplier was an absolute nightmare!
The item did not meet expectations nor did warrant the cost
This is disgusting! They Are all momdy and old - what a waste of money!
Not as good as expected.
Most of them were damaged.
Shows chocolate cookies but none in the box
Poor taste compared to other taffy purchases. Would not recommend.
This is not gluten free as indicated by seller
It was open and melted and smashed!  The product was unusable!  Very disappointed!
Not happy. This came broken in a million pieces and had no return. A waste of hard earned money.
Yak, I have never tried a chocolate as bitter and dry as this one.
Would be just ok if it were not stale.
The flavor was not as usual
Did not make it through even one cup.
Order arrived with chips that expired 6 months prior
These Pringles did not live up to the hype
Not a fan of these flavors. Try the blackberry and watermelon..much better.
You get only one box of 6 packets. False advertising!
Not correct variety as advertised.
not worth the price and could barely taste the bacon
There not soft at all.
Not good at all chili sauce not chili
The ketchup is absolutely terrible!! BBQ sauce was not bad.
Cinnamon taste not really as good just sugary
opened 1 pack of golden oreos and they were stale
Disappointed with item
Box I got expired in February 2021. It is July 2022. Really disappointed.
Package came partially open and damaged
Feel totally ripped off!!
It is an oily goo
Good product. Arrived damaged. Too much hassle to return.
So hard that they were not edible. Could not serve them at our party. Wasted $120 on these. Terrible
Egg plant is yucky! I wish mommy would stop making me eat this!!
Purchased in local market. Horrible. Do not ever purchase this turkey.
Product was broken when it came in!!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!
The coffee I received expires in a month. Seriously?
This package just arrived and the stick is broken. Very poor quality.
Do not order. All came in broken and they are not eligible for return.
Yuck what was I thinking? To each his own I suppose.... Earthworms anyone?
Not my cup of tea.
It looks really sick and it is pretty much dying. Lots of leaves fell off upon receiving it.
Very unhappy because when I got it it was all melted
None of these teas were good.
Moldy! Expiration date says 2022 but cakes have mold! Yuck! Never again!
Very dry and expensive, I saw Weevil's crawling inside dates
The seal was torn off and stuck inside the lid.
It was terrible! Do not waste your money.
I was going to give this as a gift
I did not like this at all.
23 dollars for this ill pass for that price it better be outta this world thanks but no thanks
They tasted funky and more salty than sweet like the normal ones, would not recommend.
Over half the packages were empty!
They were very stale. I was disappointed.
See headline, no more time on this
Has a strange aftertaste.
The box of fiber brownies was open. My sister refused to eat them and threw them out.
This tasted like chalk mixed with babys barf.
why does everything have to have onions in it
Not worth the price on Amazon.
If you like eating gnats and spider eggs, this romaines for you.
2 of the BBQ chip bags have been stale so far
These were nasty and way overpriced.  I threw them all away.
I am afraid to use this product it was delivered opened
Product was completely crushed.
I wanted apple chips not apple crumbs!
I did not like the hazelnut flavor coffee.  I wish that I tried the flavor before buying a 25 pack!
Do not waste your money!!
Came in as a dead stick. Nothing like the pictures
Very thick, not like a normal peach ring. Very sticky.
Chocolate was Melted
My order was wrong and the flavor not good.
They did not puff up much, and some not at all.
I received this and it expired within a week.
Just not my go to drink , plain water taste better
Taste bad and is not fluffy
very disappointed plus you cannot return for a refund
Ordered the 2 pack. One of the bags was already ripped open upon delivery.
Did not taste that great even added butter, sour cream and cheese.
Do not know why, they had a chemical flavor and aroma
Gummy and fakely sweet.
For the cost, they should taste better.
Pieces small and hard
It was pretty much half way empty!!! So disappointed...
I had high hopes for this but it is awful. I will not be able to drink it unfortunately
The jars came broken
Product tasted old and stale.
Green tea powder with sugar
Waste of money, I will be giving them to the dogs
It is celery seed. Very disappointed as this is NOT the correct flavor for rye bread.
I was dissappointed with this. It did not have much of a taste but was sweet at least.
Delicious candy and it took too long to receive
I ordered a bigger size however I received Aomething elSe.... very small box
no ingredients showing
They were like rubbery...or stale...something. Not satisfying.
Got my paramount crystals a day late and melted.
It is trash, the only way to use it is to dump into the toilet.
It is not smooth.
Thought the candy was stale and no different flavors
Not fresh. Expired food. Gross
First of all they had leaked and second, they were not in olive oil as I wanted.
Garbage! It is not only tiny but mushy inside. Very dissatisfied!
Entire bag came melted together...box was taken inside as soon as it was delivered.
Tastes ok. But only 50% of the kernels pop, compared to 99% of Orville Reddenbacker kernels.
Was not too happy the candy came in the package very moist and sticky not what I was  expecting
It just does not taste the same as what you get in store
This came dry. I tried to water it to revive it, but it never came back. Not worth the money.
Taste very bad even with almond milk and fresh fruits!!
Both bottles came and were rancid and tasted old or spoiled. Straight to the trash
Slimy and I would never buy again! No flavor, and major yuk!
The item arrived with seal broken and powder/ seasoning is everywhere
These are much smaller with less flavor.
Half of the cans were significantly dented.  I will be returning and buying elsewhere for now on
Absolutely disgusting!! Melted with some sort of white film!! How can sell product like this?!?!
They were all brown inside and dry could not. Eat!
Tried 3 days in a row ! Did not work for me
Bought a bunch of these and they all broke immediately
This was described as a assorted variety. One flavor was shipped.
It taste bad. Super bitter
All the candy was broken
Taste is not good, also no return! Buy carefully.
Great value, but tastes absolutely horrible!
Sauce was exploded everywhere when arrived
Beef jerky was more like beef sticks! Too salty. Was not impressed.
Rotten and thre ones that were not trash...yuk.
Received expired item based on julian date.
I did not see any difference in production with these drinks and they do not taste good.
Arrived unsealed and leaking.
Nothing like Cheese Straws just flavored dough.  Returning
Not sure it is biff
NOTHING like the pictures. None of the candies pictured were in the bag I received. What a rip off.
The gum is too old and very hard to chew. It was not fresh and I was disappointed.
The very best maple cream cookie on the market.
No taste. Expensive for candy but I cannot return it
No longer pleasant to eat. Stale.
states 24 bottles ( $0.04 /fl oz) WRONG !!!  Only 12 bottles= $0.08/fl oz
Lack of flavor. Seems like one drop of flavor in each nottle
Ugh not chewy or fresh, got a stale hard to chew gummies.
There was nothing to like, it tasted awful
Get this is if you like broken glass and sauce all over a box.  No returns.
I did not like the texture or taste of this product. Although, you can tell it was fresh.
This drink packet tastes chemically.  We threw most of it away
The grosses 'cereal ' I Have ever ate.....sickening taste.....
I will not be ordering again, the flavor is not there. Bumming because it is pricy.
Not much flavor but has great aroma in bag.
I ordered the Smooth/Light Roast but received the Medium Roast instead. Not happy! :(
Flavor does not go well together. Not that tasty
I do not like it you still shipping it stop. Stop stop
Arrived broken.  Found replacement at grocery store for 1/5th the price...and no broken pieces.
Has a weird spoiled burnt flavor.
Glass broken and its not returnable.  Now what?
Came damaged and spilled. No return on this item or contact information?
Charged me $20 for a bag of chocolates that would not fill a candy bowl.
They arrived hard and stale, asked for a refund.
Texture and taste was way too bad!
Return the half of bottle left Box was soaked with what leaked out
Try a different brand.
very stale , do not bye food no good
I do not like the taste and they are very rubbery.
Very dry . Did not enjoy the flavors. Strong after taste.
Gross. Tastes and smells like plastic and artificial flavor.
Thick Sticky Smells
Cap was busted once received, liquid all over box now product will not last as long.
this product arrived melted & I cannot get a refund or replacement??
Very disappointed - over half of the items received were 10 cent candy items.
This stuff taste nasty and you cannot  return it. Throwing it in trash
Bag was open on arrival
All of them was stuck together and you could get them apart
The texture too rubbery. Taste just not good
They look like fabric and feel like you are chewing fabric when you eat them. Pretty gross.
You only receive cherry/raspberry.  Only one or two lemon, grape orange.  A complete SCAM.
This damaged tin was sent knowing it was damaged.  The Amazon box was in perfect order.
No flavor. No spice. Just oil.
Container came a 1/4 empty. It was sealed and not lost during transit
Whole overpriced bag came melted!
Flavor was replaced with espresso one!!!
Packaging is high quality.  Flavor was too sweet leaning for my taste
I wish I had just bought pete's.
I was afraid to eat it
Just simply Nasty!
Purchased to hopefully help with pregnancy nausea but they were terrible
its the worst coffee i ever had - strong and bitter
Still wainting for replacement of broken pods, unuseable, very disappointed
Worst coffee I ever tasted.
We like salami but this was not good left an after taste.  We just threw it away
You can taste the fairness
This arrived opened.  Gross.
How to I return these? They are brown and taste rather odd.
I would have thought it would be thick and a different color. Not worth your money
Flavor did not last long and just was not as good as I remembered as a kid
especially strawberry. yuck
The two jars had reached the expiration date. No one wants old products!!!!
Soupy and texture was like baby food, flavor was good
This stuff is terrible, tastes bad and gave me stomach cramps and diarrhea
This is NOT worth $14 dollars by no possible measure!!!
Only received 5 packs instead of 6.
I do not find the rice quality and taste similar to one i buy from Indian grocery stores.
I was surprised the box was so small. Items were smaller than I hoped for
Most of these suckers were broken and when taking the wrappers off would break
They are garbage even squirrels do not eat them !!!
Bottle was delivered leaking
Worst popcorn I have ever tasted, I will never buy again, and you can not return it.
Sent as a gift to my friend and everything came broken. Very disappointed.
Tastes like fake mint and its gross.
The coffee tasted water down. Not a great choice
.. what they are made of?
We were sent expired food.  Ordered in June 2021. Dated for March 2021.
Nasty. Smell and taste like poison. Did not eat.
Does NOT include Strawberry flavoring.
The product was open and nonreturnable. What am I supposed to do with that?!
yuck. both my husband and i hated it. it tasted awful.
I ordered a 72 ct for $40, and only got a 12 count.
The cookies are stale-Never again
It really doesn' taste like eel.  It tastes like some other small fish.
These taste terrible. Not like usual. Weak and watered down. Do not recommend.
Unable to flip pancakes consistently. Batter should only require water
When I recieved this item it was stale and hard.
The quality is not very well. It has some mouldy.
It is all mango with like 3-5 blueberries
Received product this evening and a broken cup and forgot to ready the return policy. No return.
One of the packs had a bug in it and it chewed up the wood on the stick
Terrible. Box wide open and torn apart. How is something like this shipped?
Stale.  Complete waste of money.  I want a refund.
Dry, tough and not much flavor. They all taste the same.
Way to expensive No honey taste at all Was close to expiration date
This was nasty and old tasting ugh horrible
Perfect low carb cereal that tastes better than the full sugar brand
Rice tasted sour. It is usually not like this. Do not know what happened
they were already moldy
These taste terrible and they cut my mouth
It was all melted I would really want my money back
This tasted so bad it made food inedible. What a waste of money.
There were 12 bars not 18 in the delivered box. I will not order again.
Taste like Cherry medicine NOT Watermelon at all. I think they made a mistake and label wrong jug
They charge you 3 tiames what it cost and do not let you return it 
Not a soft spread and very little flavor
This stuff tastes terrible.
This looks unhealthy to me. I do not know where these cokes have been.
Milk was spoiled upon delivery
My husband said it lacked the flavor that big bags have.
Did not blend well .. lots of sediment on the bottom .
II did not like the taste of the prroduct the texture was like slime!
Got it on time. But I only received 18 whenever I purchased a 21 count.
This coffee taste bitter and it is terrible.
I ordered the Ghiradelli DOUBLE Chocolate but received single chocolate.  There is a difference.
The gingerbread house pieces are cracked! Cannot use it & cannot return it! 
Some of the packages were open. And the box was destroyed to 
Packaging was damaged, item was unusable. Threw it away.
The saffron box was not sealed. The intention to open the seal is to mix it with something.
Had something curdled floating at the top
Please do not but this
These are not sugar free. These are sugar full and the sugar free ones are discontinued.
It is just another (expensive) chocolate. Not the real Aero  .
Weak coffee flavor, Weak flavors, Bad taste
bad flavor not at all what i expected!
Tiny bags for the price
Horrible....totally stale. Hard as a rock.
Do not like the taste, will not order again
If I could give less than a one I would.  Tasted just like nasty rubber bands.
Product is damaged with no option for replacement.
I will never buy this again
Drinking hot drink and cold drink makes me feel sick and my stomach hurt! It tastes awful.
These taste the same as orignal cowtales . Waste of $
arrived hot, stinky and smashed
Threw it in the trash immediately. The taste was not good at all.
Paid 62$ for the 3 lb. But a 1 lb. bag was delivered! But usually a quality product.
too small and paid too much for it
Old stale terrible taste. Bought for a party and threw it away
Why do these have eggs in this one ?? Before it said no eggs
This was the worst thing I have ever tasted. It tasted like cigarettes.
All of the flavors tasted like cinnamon, not a good flavor profile for jerky.
Do not buy bottles smaller than your nail bed !!
This was falsely advertised!  I was looking for gum sweetened with  Xylitol  not aspartame
Melted into one big brick, so csn't use for chips in bakery items!
Horrible spoiled simply something wrong with them spit it out then threw them out
These are not minty at all.  Do not buy them. Cannot return
My popcorn was extremely stale l will never purchase from here again.
This product arrived after experiencing extreme heat - the candy was melted, wet, and inedible
This was overcooked, and I do not think  any chicken was in it. Will not buy again
Received expired product. No refund available.
The expiration date was 3 days after I received my order, what a waste!!
I tried each flavor and did not taste fresh. May be the storage area.
Tasteless, slimy not edible.  I had to throw it away.
Would have been better if they did not expire 60 days after arrival!!  Very disappointed
Product was ruined. All melted and one big glob in container
Not even close to authentic & too expensive.
Sloppy and a waste of money!
Olives were all old and very soft. Bad taste.
The whole bag was smashed into tiny pieces.  Was frustrated
Not eligible for replacement? It leaked all over the box
Guess should read came small stickers
Little or no flavor beyond being very sweet. Will not repurchase.
Probably the worst Mentos I have ever tasted. I love Sweet and Sour stuff but this is not it.
This Organic Plant Protein Powder, Chocolate had such a bad taste I only tried it one time.
I ordered two of these. Opened the containers to chunks of powder.
Unable to get a refund or exchange, was sent this dry powder/ dirt.
I was totally disappointed in flavor.
These blueberries have an oily coating that ruins the flavor. Do not waste your money.
pictured as a full grown plant, very disappointed that it came in a can as seeds returned it
I bought these for my family. They tasted terrible.
The product is decent, it is just too expensive for a little small bag that you get.
Check the day carefully! Ordered on April 11, the shipped me one expired.
Weird chemical taste - cannot recommend!
Nasty ! There is no other way to say. No stars on this , disgusting  !
This tasted terrible. Threw them out.
Did not taste good at all, despite following the instructions as directed.
Tasted good but make you sick later
This stuff was horrible, it had an after taste that was unreal, and was watered down.  Yuch
I bought for the lavender scent but did not have a scent,
Not impressed. Super dry
Our package arrived with a broken jar of Hot Fudge. Disappointment...
This arrived with an expiration Date of 2/2/19. Yes 1 YEAR expired!!!
Treats were only packaged in an envelope so I received a package of crumbs. Nothing but crumbs.
It has some flavor but it is not worth it
They are just marshmallows not at all like the lucky charms they advertise to be-very disappointed
These have no flavor to them.
Each packages were half filled and some packages were empty
Overpriced, not strong or dark enough for my taste but others may like it.
Super stale!  Had to microwave each piece for 7 seconds to soften up.
2 broken bottles, glass everywhere and the box was soaked.
Money wasted and the price is way to high. Both cans were damaged so I had to toss them.
Opens, not safe to eat
the item was shattered when arrived.
find ants inside never gona buy it again
I will pass they cannot even tell me if it is beans or grounds
Black spots on nuts??  BAD!!
This should say that it is NOT compatible with the new Keurig as half the cups are not K-Cups.
Do not understand how they failed this dish but it is gross!
These mints were HaRD and crunchy. Not soft as they usually are. Very Disappointing
Boo! The new formula has Stevia and Sucralose! It tastes terrible now! Goodbye core power!!
All boxes were hard as rock
$12.99 for a single box of cake mix!!! Ridiculous
The packaging left much to be desired. The instructions ere not feasible.
Really awful I would like a refund.
it is not sugar free
This product smelled so bad I could not keep it in my house. And it is non returnable
Was not complete
i like the walnuts, i did not like how soft the chocolate was
Cookies all cookies! No crackers!! Cookies are ok...
Terrible... cheese is not smooth. tastes artificial...do not buy it.
It looked horrible smelled horrible. I have ate many of this on Boise. Very disappointed
Not worth the money
When I realized how much they cost I tried to send them back..they are not worth it
Everything was smashed in one box. All looked like pancakes
not as expected....read label closer.........
Nasty dog food would taste better
They taste terrible
Normally  we love these but this order is stale and dry like chalk.
They were old and not good to eat. They were not eligible for return.
It was plastic and very cheep looking. Not even worth 5$.
I love Fiji Water but this tasted like tap water I would not ever buy it again
Arrived early. Ordered Chocolate, it did not taste good.
Did not have health chocolate bars . The bag was super small . Deceiving selll
The is no flavor of the earl grey or green tea. Will not order again.
It tastes too salty I wish I would have checked the sodium level before I bought it
I did not like the flavor at all, gave it away.
Not what I thought it was.
I followed the direction. It does not work! Period.
Very lumpy not like flour at all.
Chocolate melted and product not fresh
It was tasteless. Waste of time and money
It arrived broken and sticky..want a refund..also took weeks to arrive
Was looking for the Jalapeno version but you were out. Price seemed high also?
Big disappointment.  Will not be part of my keto plan. No taste.
Do not order this. Just received five melted boxes.  These were meant as gifts over $60 wasted
Does not dissolve well.  Tastes terrible.  Cannot return.  DO NOT PURCHASE!
I tried multiple times to tint Royal icing. This did nothing and just made the icing look dirty.
This coffee taste awful. Do not buy
i love coconut water but this just tasted horrible
Not worth the price.
Out of eight cans five were bent. they look like they were bent be for packaging..
$103!!!! I got this for $20 at my local grocery store!
Making me sick to my stomach
So much MESSAGE! It gave me a horrible headache!
Box arrived damaged and are broken inside, not a good look for a gift.
Very unsatisfied tasted like salty cardboard Would like a refund
came in with busted packs
This is the the worst ramen I have ever bought. The sauce is terrible.
Literally only ever get expired product from so long ago, how is it even on the shelves?
was to be peach flavor but no flavor at all
Product was not as described. Also, Amazon website says that I cannot return it.
What i received was not what was pictured
Ordered choc chip but got brownie flavored- that too was tasing bitter
I rarely waste food, but this tasted so bad that I had to throw it away.
Tastes like what you would imagine old mayo would taste. No ranch flavor and no avocado flavor.
product very old no flavor no scent no expiration date and no returns
No protein.  Not much substance.
Terrible quality, full of lumps, just not good.
This ginger cola combination is horrible.  Bought this at Sams Club for $5.  I wish I did not!!!
Product damaged. Not good quality.
There is no chocolate flavor and is on the bitter side.
I did not realize it has beef broth but its a vegetable soup
Well said the purchase was for six bags I received one bag, most expensive crawlers in the world
Tastes like astringent or something horrible...nothing close to ginger ale..yuck
Came in a crappy box and only had a month til expiration
No the variety I expected and the paper is stuck as if they have been in extreme heat.
Would give negative stars if I could! This is clearly old ketchup.
Worst thing we ever bought Can not compare to Kimbo
They came all melted and one big clump. It was awful. Never again.
This products expiration date was very near and they did not taste very fresh-very disappointing
ITS WAS BUSTED AND HOT SAUCE WAS ALL OVER THE PLACE
This is not the pocky in the picture... it is in a foreign language and packaging,  I feel tricked!
Product was inedible.
Chocolates melted
For my classroom
Did not like the flavor
Plastic bottles were not the same as the one advertised on the site.
Hate to do it..... but these are just gross. My kids did not even eat them.
Taste is terrible, would not buy again
These are so nasty and have Zero taste !!
Does not taste like a anything. Super watered down. Very disappointing
The nuts are crushed into tiny pieces. The only way to eat them is to sprinkle them on something!
It is obvious it is leftover holiday k lips that did not sell
The cans of coconut cream was severely damaged.
Damaged contents spilled out in bag
It came open half of the bag was inside the wrapping
Wished I never bought this! Now I know NOT to again!
"Not ""glittery"" as described. Just shiney gold"
Thin balsalmic liquid of ? age. Pours like thinned watered  fluid. The cheap became expensive.
Tasted artificial. Truly unpleasing
Not a good quality. Do not smell at all. Dosen't taste or smell like a bay leaves
These chips tend to be slightly stale by the time they get to the customer.
The quality is very low, compared to the other brands!
It had a very good flavor, but so small not worth $30.That Is why I gave it a 1 star!
Product had molded.
It is all the coffee that no one would ever order mixed with a few that are drinkable.
The flavor was ok but if you eat a lot of them the make you never want to eat them again
Arrived with multiple boxes of pods opened.
Taste like I licked a battery. Threw them out as soon as they came in
They are horrible. Very dry soft cookie that crumbles like it is stale and old. Do not buy!
Taste was not good. You do get quality though
So sad two of the three bottles were cracked and leaking when received.
I did not know how much this stuff should cost. My wife bought a gallon at the store for $4!!!!
Do not be fooled by the size. These are practically bite size chocolate squares.
I purchased them for my mom and she absolutely hated them, had to give away the rest.
I think the formula changed. These used to be great. We threw the pies away.
the package costs $12.00 and makes only 8 pancakes!!!!  WOW -  will never order again
Sad they were totally crushed in the pack. I did not pay for fruit loop dust, but that is what I got
did not like these at all
Does not fit/screw onto 1L glass bottle.
Not a thing like the big jug, that I was finding difficult to find.
Cap was broken and I had throw out but got refunded
This item is clearly oout of date; has no taste at all.
No taste. Terrible texture. No returns (understandable for a food product). Threw it away.
The whole bottle was open! Almost $10 Never again!! If I could rate less than 1 star I would
The packet came in ripped. Not eligible for return.
I received product that had passed its expiration date.  Not a very classy move in my opinion!
Product was expired
This smells disgusting!! I could not even eaten it!99
There is no reference to MESSAGE in their description.
these are disgusting.  I had to throw them out after the first taste.  Yuck
Salty as hell! What happened Hickory Farms? Never buy it again!
my bag was open and powder was everywhere
It seems to have been discontinued. It was good soup when it was available.
These tasted OLD and stale!! Nasty!
Smells good, but would not dare to taste.
My grandson told me that the Reese's White Chocolate arrived melted.
I dislike everything about this product and thought I whould like after
Some of the nuts tasted old and were stale.
I hope there is more. I got one single can today. I ordered a case. Where is the rest?
Package arrived badly damaged and was to close to the Expiration date!
Squashed when opened
It was small for its price
It tasted bland. No hint of dill at all.  The juice was just a bad tasting water.
Have not felt the affects.
Markers dries up fast and hard to write on food with.
Sold me spoiled product that expired three months ago!
Got food poisoning from it. Tasted awful
These did not taste like the ones I use to get. They are also too salty
This is the worst tasting iced tea ever.
Do Not waste your money. Not eligible for return and every single one was broken
Bag was open, chips all over the box.  No refund policy?
This was awful! Chalky, dry, flavorless..overall gross and too expensive.  Do not waste your money.
Not good  items cracked and lick all over
We did not like it at all and tossed it in the garbage. Did not taste like saffron to us.
Had the size of a normal k-cup. They do not work
The chocolates were stale, bought it as gifts.
The kit pictured is savory, but the one I got was sweet.
Not worth the price!!
It is not low carbs and it has sugar. Avoid.
Taste was stale. Very disappointed.
Has a heck of a pool after taste
The items seem to be much smaller, smooshed, fruit juices seeped into the package, not fresh,
I really liked having fresh organic veggies delivered to my door. it was a great selection.
Tastes like something that goes in dressing for Thanksgiving
These were very tasty but unfortunately did not sit well with my gut :-(
Sucks/sus and double sucks. Do not buy.
I am dissatified with this order!
Tastes like bitter cheap coffee. Spend a little more on good Kona Coffee
Nothing good to say. Awful taste. Trashed immediately.
Thought it was 100% honey until the last one I bought began to form crystal.
I almost threw up. It is the most disgusting thing I have ever tried. Not even close to any caviar.
the service was good and fast but only one part-the avocado was all brown inside and not eatable.
Hard to open, very messy and after all that trouble 30% less than is any standard can. Hate it
The flavor was super nasty. I am so disappointed  I wasted my money
These pickles taste awful!
The box arrived sealed but when I opened it, three of the bars were already fully unwrapped.
Not for me, I did not care for the under taste at all
I did not like the taste of the crab meat at all.  I threw the other can away.
this does not taste like citrus...i do not even know its horrible i threw it away. do not buy
This product is not unsalted.
Tasted old and not sour at all
I could not even try them because they are not compatible to nespresso. Huge disappointment
The letters easily ripped!!!! So I had to tape and form the first few letters.
This was not a good batch at all. Not fresh and not tasty in the least
Very small amount for the price
The smell and aroma was much better than the taste.
The first 2 I purchased were rock hard less than 2 days later.
These waffles were powder when they arrived. Will not be buying again
was not frozen very disappointing
I used to love their syrups, but the new version of the product is much diluted.
I will not buy again. The product was very sweet.
Do not buy this product if you must avoid gluten. To keep it flowing, they have added wheat.
Nasty aftertaste
When I received the order on box was expired and the other was close to expiration
Weird flavor almost rotten fruity.  Does not taste like any coffee I have ever had
The expiration said it was good... did not taste that way.
Several bags of this popcorn were stale- I mean completely soft. I will not purchase again.
They were all the same flavor and regular strength
Cookies were stale and the texture was to soft...they usually are my favorite but not this box 
Item leaked all over package
Confused by rave reviews since what I received has NO flavor whatsoever.
I Should have known better!! This Red Vine Licorice was AWFUL  VERY STEAL!!!! DO NOT BUY!!
My kids love ramen but this one they did not care for. It needed more flavor.
Very musty smelling and tasting.
small bag for high price
The product was not really enjoyable as they were melted together.
Causes Tachicardia & vomiting!!!!! Do not even try this product!!!!
Expected a case and got 1 bottle. Disappointed!
I bought a pack of 96 decaf house blend which in the past was amazing. This batch is just awful.
Makes me break out. Misleading in that the roe has a lot of additives.
So disappointed since this was second order.
This was advertised as a case but only got one. I love churros but this was gross and I dumped it
Container was extremely small and the candy was ROCK hard. Old and Gross!
I ate it when I received it.But it is bad.
Jar arrived opened, seal had already been popped
when I receive the product melted crumbled up, ripped apart never got a refund
Large size but pretty sour. Will not buy again
Very bitter taste not their best product
I received the product on October 18, 2021 and the use by date was October 21, 2021.
Very disappointed. Flowers started wilting the day after they arrived.
Not a good taste for me...
Very small size olives.
Tasteless and rubbery!
It was all there but most of the pez were broken.
Item received completely melted :(
The tea bags ripped easily when removing the paper and string. This tasted nothing like cotton.
did not come with iced packs. probably already spoiled
Candy coating hard as a rock.
Ordered 2 tins and one of the Products arrived with no lid.
The candy arrived 60% melted.
Not much flavor, I used it in tea.
I like the product from former order, but came broken
Cereal was terrible wish I could get every penny back
This was the worst.  Honestly.  So old and chewy. Tasted only of sugar - no flavor whatsoever.
sausage turned white in one day something amiss had to throw out all product
Terrible taste. It tastes like very, very sweet cough medicine.
beautiful but unfortunately it broke as I inserted it into the cake!
incomprehensible sour taste, I do not advise buying
Will not work in Keurig - something is wrong with the pods.
Not vaue for money, mostly  red in pack while green chillis are shown in picture and required
It made me fart more than usual.
It was half wet, half dry. The mango flavor was off as well.
I love the product but did not receive it
The ad states your are getting three.  The photo on the ad shows three.  I only got one.
The taste is horrible. Crust is the only part editable and that was nothing special.
Ronzoni pastina was always fantastic but not worth 24.99 a box. Sorry just not right
Revolting texture and flavor
The candy was old, very hard and mostly inedible. Cute bag though
The size was surprisingly small. Not what the originals were by far.
I just got my order and one of the cans was leaking what do I do?
was not very creamy or sweet like I would think a latte should be.  Very disappointed
Cannot taste the coffee. Really cheap product and that is what you get. Not worth it
seal was open on both containers
Taste nasty,like seasoned cheese crispy balls. Not for me
These are gross. The product is basically beef paste, very soft texture, also greasy.
Very filling but I did not care for the flavor... honestly thought it was expired or something?
The picture and the title of the review say it all. Tiniest head of lettuce I have ever seen.
Hate the taste. Had to purchase a different brand.
Potatoes were old.
These are mini size. Do not buy if you think you are purchasing the full size chocolate bar.
I bought to substitute for Starbucks crunchies but they are not sweet. Very dry and not good.
The chocolate was melted
Both jars only in bubble wrap without box so both worthless as both had oil separated. 
This product is very coarsely ground, it is more like small wood chips.
I took one bite and could not chew it! It is literally rubber!
I did not read the reviews My wrong!!!!
These crush in the nespresso machine and do not puncture
Sent wrong product. Beware.
These are NOT 20oz! They are 16.9oz. So over priced. Should have went to Walmart
Definitely not with the amount paid for!!
sweet with a funky flavor,
I have no video I am old do not know how to
Horrible product. DO NOT purchase.
Received an expired bag.
Awful...Too salty & yuckky flavor!
The nuts taste old and not fresh.  Waste of my money.
Came damaged chips are crushed
Extremely horrible taste.
Peanuts are not roasted long enough. Taste raw.
Brown ketchup??? Ketchup is supposed to be red Mike tomatoes.
Item expired within few days of delivery did not even get to try it. Expensive!
I only got one bottle of coffee creamer16oz for $16.00,I was to get 4 bottles
Could not use. Jar was broken no refund.
The mustard was not protected in the box, 2 of 3 exploded because the box was damaged
This has no taste whatsoever, even if I use 3 bags.
Product arrived cracked and leaking all over inside the bubble wrap it is no good to use
Received these and they taste expired or bad. Do not buy.
Not worth it candy was old and discolored Taste was off
Tastes like old dry cocoa.
Would not purchase again, noodles remained starchy and hard
Description says 6 boxes, only received 1 box. Overpriced for one box.
would appreciate my original purcase sent. Cannot eat mini light bulbs
Horrible product, does not melt and stays lumpy and chalky do not waste your money.
The box was taped and the items were expired by over a month
Was not the freshest and left a bunch of kernels
You want to taste wax? Buy this
Tried 2 times to order mixed jellies. First time got all honey, next time got all raspberry.
Absolutely disgusting and it says can cause cancer on package like what?!
Did not have much flavor. Also not a lot of crunch for crunchy peanut butter.  I prefer Adams.
Came broken but could not  return
Garbage. Had to throw them out.
Did not realize that it is artificially flavored. Threw it away
Product arrived with inner safety seal broken and item is not available for return. Never again.
I have ordered these before and this batch was awful. Each suckers was jagged and impossible to eat.
Honestly I have nothing good to say about this product
Falsely advertised as food which this product is not, inedible, made me puke.
Top was broken off and mustard was all over everything in the box
Do not buy this.
Has a sour taste. Could not eat it or mask taste.
Way too sweet. The not-so-good artificially sweetened flavor.
The item arrived in apparent great condition, but it was hard and rancid.
They were dry and old. Not fresh at all
We expected something else. We did not like it.  Hard. Bad. We will not buy it agin. Never !!!!!
Did not honor what was listed.
It tasted like a science experiment gone wrong.
Cheap flea market crap
These seeds were a big disappointment. Some tasted stale, no salt flavor at all
Need quality control.
Everything expired in a month
Only got one pack I ordered the three pack for $17
Not a great taste at all. Super disappointed: (
Taste was not good for just drinking. Gave to daughter to use for cooking.
Tastes like the 4th cup of tea from the same teabag. No flavor.
ordered by accident.  NOT 12 oz. bags, as advertised, only 9.75 oz.  rip off!!!
Do not order! They came melted. Had an ice brick thing that was also hot to the touch!
Hard as rocks and jiust as flavorfull
2nd jar rancid upon opening. Not returnable. Buy it at Costco instead.
Product received damaged... content spilled  from package.
This was all vegetables and sauce very disappointed. Very little beef. Will not buy again
I ordered Black milk tea powder but I got green tea powder.
All my cans were smashed, bent up on top of bottom bubbles out. One can was empty!
The cake was old and stale.  Would not buy this product again..
I ordered a package of 6 boxes, 10 count each and was only sent one box.
Probably no fault of the driver but product is inedible
If you told me that this chocolate is 5$ a bag uIwould still not buy it.
This product tasted nasty ...but i will still buy the candy
it is old proudcut very soft
Taste is not good.  The wraps are difficult to unpack and tare when wrapped.
The packaging was slashed when I got it... not very hygenic.
3 of the 4 houses I received were broken.
contents are wet. Will Not dispense properly.
I do not like bugs floating around in my oats
...compared to erithritol.
Cupcakes were all smashed flat as a pancake
It has a very tart taste. Did not like it.
So much sugar I found it revolting.
Like usual they can not seem to make quality tasting cakes! Disappointed
Not happy what I paid for looks like someone pushed them all in not worth the money I paid
Nuts old and strong . Did not eat, threw away all except ones in she will
These are awesome but the price is ridiculous.  Way too expensive for what you get. 
The Tie dye did not set the colors at all. Was super disappointed.
Not smooth and flavor is very acidic. Also you cannot return this item!!! Buyer beware!!!
All the peppermint spoons were broken. Came with no protective packing material in a small box.
I have no idea the smoky taste is this strong. Not my cup of tea.
They looked beautiful.  Large, nice thickness but smelled rotten
Just a poor product. Do not waste your money on this Kcup.
Too expansive for what you get and taste terrible.
Brittle with white on edges
Not what i expected.  Not hoop cheese I am use
I only received one bag and it was advertised as two bags 
It is cancerous.
I love hard salami, but this was impossible to slice. I gave up, tossed out!!
Cookies are stale. They are in edible and I had to throw them away.
Product expired and was ordered 01/13/2021. Will not order again. Product is stale.
Garbage trash. Disrespectful
To  drippy and not like nutella at all, it taste more like a syrup than anything
If you like to pay Whole Foods prices for Vons quality, Bristol Farms is the supermarket for you!
Wrappers were decorative, the suckers were just a single color blob of candy.
It was busted everywhere!!! I cannot get a refund?!
These were horrible. Wasted my money.
Not good umeboshi
It was not what I expected it was awful tasting
They came all broken. No Carmel balls. Just dusty powder.
Terrible!  Half the bottles leaked and flavor is not good.  Five hour energy it is.
not worth the $$$
I could not use it and cannot return it. Total waste of money.
I am sorry I did not like the taste of this coffee
Just a very small bag.  Save your money and buy from SAMS club
So small, about the size of my fist. It was hard and crumbly. Maybe I just got a bad cake
Look up what Sucralose really is.  Poison.
Product has no flavor.  Sauce remained thin
Read the reviews everyone! I did not and got mine in the mail, all were stale!
It taste nothing like the Starbucks one.
Package and products severely damaged and dented. All cans covered in dust.
expires within tow weeks after receipt.
This was dry and tasteless. One of the worst Stollens I have ever had. Do not buy!
Super happy it is a vegan option, but definitely not my thang in taste.
It has a really unfortunate aftertaste.
Watered down taste. Old.
The quantity was fabulous and plenty to share. The flavor was just ok
I did not know avocado came that small! Hard and so tiny! Amazon should be ashamed to sell them!
the crackers ARE tiny and HARDLY taste fresh
Gross, not mocha at all. Terrible
I purchased this SOUR candy and it was not sour
It is not worth what you pay for. Poor quality. Images are a blurr
Make sure you check expiration dates!! My order was 6 YEARS old!!!
Not soft at all.
One can busted open all over the rest of the cans, like someone threw the box
I did report my experience with the product. I fail to see whereIdid not follow the guidelines.
1 bottle (Chunky Garlic) was received broken. Request replacement.
Do not buy this - it arrived hard as a rock and unusable - who knows how old it was.
What more is there to say?
Now I know what a peice of cardboard taste like.
I did not like this product at all
This IS NOT HONEY, this is a Syrup
Not sure why I bought it after some of the reviews. The description is wrong, only one single box.
Does not work for peanuts, the only thing I was looking for...
You have to add the egg whites to this box mix for angel food cake.
Sugar alcohols! Gave me a horrible upset stomach.
The cake was dry and the baby Jesus looked like an alien.
Weak and tasteless. the opposite of legal drug! Did not even taste like coffee!
Did not like the flavor.
Had no taste even cheese taste was very little.  Will not buy again
Theses were not chewy and creamy. They are hard as a rock and almost broke my teeth!!!
Just received this item and the bagel is moldy!!
Product not worth the moey
I needed flour this was to hard to grind
These are so awful that I am reluctant to give it to a food bank.
No matter what the questions and answers say it is for only one can! Do not waste your money!
Was already expired when received
Cannot return and 3 bottles are empty.  What a waste of money
Item arrived with one bag cut open...
My items were molded and I had to throw them away!!
Not thick at all.
Was not what I expected!
Splenda is toxic to your gut biome, which is important for immunity and brain function.
The taste & texture was undesirable
They were not good
I did not get both bags like I paid for
Almonds were delivered in a broken bag shrewn all over the box. Had to throw away immediately.
Tasted like junk. Not crisp. Not worth the money. Would definitely not buy again.
No big deal, nothing special
Leeks, One Bunch: sounds like you would get more than 1 or even a bunch.  Nope
Smashed candy. Wrappers are open.
Taste is awful!!!
Do not waste your money, too much oily, disgusting smell to it
Has small chunks of strawberries in it.
The price doubled out of nowhere. $40 for apple chips is crazy.
The box arrived soak and wet and so were the pretzels!!! Not happy at all
I would like my money back . Says 16 pack and only received 8
No not worth it.  Do not taste the same. Cannot be return.
These came in singles!  All thrown into a box.  Felt very dirty and unsafe to me.
Bought 2 boxes end of June 2017, just realized both boxes expired July 2017.
not big enough to wrap anything
Great coffee but raising the price from 20 to 30 for 2 lbs is too much
About a quarter the amount expected, no flavor, basically a ripoff.  Would like to return it.
I bought it for 4.99 Two days before and now its 2.99 for such small watermelon
Where is the cheesey flavor? Very disappointed.
Very very salty. Clogged up our popcorn machine
These seeds came in a big bag but was absolutely disgusting with a nasty after taste
half of it stuck solidified to the side, the other half runny liquid sugar
Arrived broken plus expensive! My husband found them in a store for 2.5$!
Not a pasta making type family
This is cheap jelly.
Bag was received unsealed and granola was all over the delivery bag...do not recommend.
Stail, tasted awful.  Will not be buying again.
No watermelon in the whole bag.  NONE
2 orders and 2 non-deliverable packages due to breakage.
Expensive Way too salty Avoid
Tasted horrible! Like chemicals they ended up in the trash. Save your money.
Super sweet with hardly any mocha flavor
The snack is nauseous tithe teste! I thrown this items.
Not very flavorful, half the size from before. NOT worth the money.
EXPIRED DATE. There is oil in this product and it was rancid !!!  Wish I could rate it a -100.
Do not buy.  Bottles are not sealed
Not as good as Joyvah.
Dented and not the normal ones I receive. Some decaf and flavored -  which I hate!
Could not break it up to use to hard. Even tried a hammer.
Received hot chocolate instead of coffee
They tasted burnt!!!!
Even the replacements came damaged.
It was ripped open...
Came broken into pieces ! Could not use it on my daughters birthday cake
Look for HEB brand Cafe Ole.  This is terrible!
This taste like model glue. It is horrible. Undrinkable! YUCK!!!!
Was very disappointed. All broke up
do not buy it to make cheese
The fruit was mushy and smelled bad. Would give it less than 1.
Not even remotely as good as the competition. Tasted somewhere between dog food and cardboard.
Value for money ok product was good to ripe
Do not buy! It is a little hag
Disappointed that they were hard to chew.  Not what I expected at all.
I received sweethearts not sweet tarts. Picture in miss leading.
Terrible packaging. Freezer destroys the bag and the food. No flavor. Buyer beware!
A lot weaker than I usually like my coffee
$25 for what I get at family dollar for $2
Had to throw out the box. The product could have been tampered with.
Eating a bag of Lays potato chips. They are not fresh.
Not tasty for a licorice product.
Tastes terrible!!  I am throwing it out!! Complete waste of money!!
One box was broken and went bad. Half the boxes were covered in spoiled coconut milk.
Pic is worth  thousand words
It was not good, it tasted old
The rice is not cooking fully before the lid pops
Amazon should not sell meat when this got to my house it was bad it was sour and smelled horrible
I thought I was buying what was in the picture and instead I received the attached pic.
Cookies arrived smashed and crumbled. Not in usual girl scout cookies boxes.
Flavorless, even using multiple bags at a time.
Very tough.  Terrible flavor, but if you like this, then you do not need a review lol
They tasted very artificial. They were not good.
Will not purchase again it is nasty.
Arrived damaged and crushed. Left with a bag of crumbs
These tortillas smell disgusting. No good.
Product was so damaged, it  went straight to the trash !
Ordered unroasted bean by mistake.  Now have to learn how to roast them.
Smells rotten when first opened. DO NOT BUY. Unless you like rotten oranges.
Ended up in the bin as they arrived expired
bag open on arrival and not able to return
Was not happy with paying 14$ for one Reeses cup
Very disappointing. You could hear all of the chocolates inside just scattered. I was very upset.
The taffy is hard and not fresh
There has GOT to be a cheaper way to flavor water
Do not taste like chocolate. Bitte taste at the end. Yuck
Product,  never got riped . Also was very sour.
Made in China. Stale. Tasteless. Do not waste your money.
The lid was not screwed down & one of the jars of tomato basil had leaked .
$20 for a 12 pack!?!  NO
They were so difficult to remove off the sheet without damaging.
Our gum is wet and tastes like plastic. Need a refund.
Most of the packages were open,need for homeless children on the school buses, would like a refund
Terrible! Do not buy. Took a while to be delivered, only to be melted when I opened it.
Most of the chocolates are melted to their wrappers
"If by ""rye"" they mean banana, then yes, this is rye."
Too high priced. I feel like I was robbed.  Not much flavor tastes watered down.
Awful taste! Wasted milk and sugar to try and drink this. Disgusting
I should have checked the reviews first. My bad. These are nothing like the product picture.
I cannot taste it. Just a plain tasting wafer cookie
Did not like these at all but my feral cats sure did!! :))
Terrible aftertaste, will not purchase again.
Received with a broken seal. What a mess! Unusable and not returnable. :(
I will never buy again this product and they send me a poor quality bag.
Thanks for sending an almost expired product that is 2.5 years old.  Garbage!
Came with the expiration dates a month ago.
Worst flavor ever! Worst taste ever! Never buy this product!!
Tasted like old stale almost orange I really do not like it ruined a few recipes I do not recommend
I am missing 2 gift boxes. I only received one chocolate gift box.
This product was so salty I could not even eat it.
I would rather eat a cat poo. Do not recommend.
I did not care for the smell or taste of this paste. I feel like I wasted my money.
Hey I spent too much on small jar could be larger size
Bruised  & moldy on this order, but to be fair, I have ordered before and they were ok
Disgusting! Hard to cook, no taste.
the tablet itself tasted bad and nothing tasted different afterwards
I cannot think of anything that tastes this bad. Threw the box away.
Some in chew and texture. Not fresh although date undated they were. Not happy!
I love this type of item, but these are just nasty tasting.
Very off tasting, dry, stale and unpleasant!
Gross dry nasty meat no flavor waste of money
This is a rip off. I just paid $4.00 for two of these items in Santiago, Chile.
Appearance of candy bars unappealing due to ashy appearance.
Stop selling no salt added products.  They are tasteless.
It was not what I ordered. I ordered bites but I got whole pickles .
All cans were dented...not safe to eat! Trash...
Do not order..will not get the correct number of bottles that you paid for..
They do not taste good.. the lime is VERY OVERWHELMING.. BIG LET DOWN..
Food was stale and hard
The cookies are delicious; But, dark chocolate and WAY OVERPRICED
They taste nothing like the dressings they say they are. I will not be a return customer.
Tortillas are sticky and we are not impressed .
The regular ones are much better these taste dirty
These had no flavor. I tossed the rest.
This is not wildcrafted it is farmed pool seamoss big nutritional difference.
The flavor is hardly noticeable and leaves an unpleasant aftertaste.
It has no taste!
only got 2 packs, 240 pieces, it clearly says 4 and 480 pieces
It was so bad that I used cardboard for the roof.  Extremely expensive for the quality
It tastes bitter and yeast-like
Steal date was good but probably marked wrong could not eat too hard
These came and they were old and cracked....texture was just not good
It was awful. I wasted 30 dollars. Double Chocolate is the best.
The main ingredient in this cake is sugar.  Do not waste your money!
too much sugar! Do you want diabetes? But this!
Not even close to being hot. I had to use almost half a jar to make 1 batch of cocktail sauce.
Like drinking hot water full of days old coffee grounds. Waste of money.
This does not have any white chocolate flavor at all.
Not compatible with Keurig 2.0- Description says Keurig cup.
2-3 Cans were damaged and one was close to exploding in box.
bag is closed with a zip tie and is impossible to open
I thought I was ordering the Chocolove Almonds and sea salt.
Very small, yellow and some of the leaves were torn. Looked dry
Dislike selection offered. Next to no flavors in the box.
My gum balls most of them where smashed and bag opened but since I needed it I kept them.
Product arrived all 3 bottles broken and cannot use .
culture was bad.  3 atches of failed yougurgt
My package arrived empty!!!
Do Not like the flavor
I really wanted to love these but they just taste like chemicals.
The taste was just not good
The item ordered was listed as 6 bags of 16 oz. the item I received was 6 bags of 10 oz.
zero stars! recieved end of August, juice expired in mid July.
Did not like taste or amount of product for price
Paid over $13 for 1 bar!!!!!!!!!!! Watch out. Scam
I have had these before, not from Amazon, and they were wonderful. These were dry and tasteless.
These are different flavors than the regular ones....
No product, no refund and worst experience I do not recommend it
Disgusting.  Rotting and black. Package was not sealed by manufacturer.
THIS ENTIRE BOX OF CHIPS HAVE A GUARATEED FRESH DATE OF MAY 4, 2021.
Advertised as 3 pack; Only received one
Buy if you have no taste buds, these are nasty!
16.00 for 2 small bags of rice rip off
Not what I thought, terrible candy all hard and inedible. Would not order again.
These pecans tasted old and not fresh. I was very dissatisfied!
It was supposed to be a 2 pack, not a single box.
just did not make the cut.
"""Fresh ground"" does not mean it is been sitting around so long that there are hard clumps in it."
I ordered a 2 pack and only received one... Not sure what happened.
All of them came broken
Do not order you get two tubes when for the same price you can get a tub full of them!
These are the worst gumdrops ever made.  They are old and hard and nasty.  Not edible
Product is advertised as 6 boxes and i only received 1!
some cans of mine came damaged, wondering if I can get a replacement?
I felt the coffee was too strong
Cheap pizza sauce will get you cheap results..should have spent $5-6 for the more expensive sauce.
Nothing like description. very small and flimsy!!
Tastes terrible. Could not even finish the first sip
I opened this to use it was solid, tested like sugar, will buy local.
This yeast is dead, made me throw away two baking batches
The candy was all stuck together.
A very bitter flavor. Will not but again! Threw it out.
tastes decent, but many of the clams were not properly washed and were gritty. yuck
Flour bag was broken open with flour everywhere inside of the external package. Unusable.
It has a bland after taste
My BF says it tastes like dirty ass. I did not ask how he would know
Of you like eating something that tastes like cardboard this is for you.
Nothing was worth the 30 bucks. Product was old some of it expired. No happy at all
Bought 2, both were broken
Soft pickles... not crispy.
Avoid this, you are never this hungry
Really disappointed that it is packaged in plastic jar-sad Will not order again
Very gross  Throw all 4 boxes in the trash
"Advertised ingredients are incorrect. They conveniently left out ""Natural Flavors."""
These nutpods do not taste good at all. I am not purchasing these ever again.
Came cracked and very brittle as if the icing sheet was old
I only recieved 1 bag not 3 bags... and there is no way to dispute the order.
These are awful, way way too sweet and just has a funny after taste
This tasted terrible. No tamarind taste all sugar and red coloring.
Anytime I have gotten a head of iceburg lettuce it always seems to be rotten or mush.
Delivered 12/23/2022. Arrived with expiration date 09/27/22.
Taste nothing like strawberry. It is very nasty.
Does not taste good.  Very small and expensive.
the cinnamon has no flavor
They were stale and all melted together.
Inside packaging was damaged and candy was all dumped out and unusable.
This product is usually sell for less than 8 dollars!! This is a robbery!!!
Nothing spectacular in taste.
This gum will make you poop your pants.
Product is near expiration date, hard to consume 6 pack before it expires.  Second, non-returnable.
Love these candy bars, sure wish they would arrive.
The bottle came broken with a crack on the bottom. Also, very tiny bottle!!!
Very poor quality plants coming practically dead Do not buy
horrible after taste. Where can I get the original flavors.
The wraps are over powering of coconut. There gross. Bet my cats would not even eat them
Half my packages came opened
This loaf needs to have its sourdough status revoked.  It tasted like bland white bread.
Shipping and everything was ok but the candy's were hard
Wayyyyy over priced.
Opened for the first time and found this nasty mess
they go bad pretty fast
These are marked up and are a much smaller bag than you get at any grocery.  Avoid
The can was smashed and leaking in the envelope
If you need a clear sparkly glitter, this is not it! It more of an ivory color.
It has the texture and flavor of cardboard
Bought two, both came broken and were non returnable or refundable 0/10
Sauce tastes horrible. Not what I expected. Better to make my own and use the noodles
The package was torn open! chips every where!
No so good for my taste
The flavor is horrible horrible!
The inside of the box was soaked with syrup.
The jolly ranchers were poorly wrapped and made the rest of the candy in the bag all sticky.
Bag was ripped when I received bread
It was ok not what I wanted
I received expired product and no returns!! Very disappointed.
I heard it was good and bought to try it. It is not tasty and it takes forever to cook.
The bag was sliced open and the candy was so hard. And you can not return it!! Do not order it!!
The slices were hard as a rock and had no flavor other than sweet.
This is disgusting.
All packages are damaged, and bad quality very disappointed
Recently bought the item this weekend and they sent me an already expired product. Not good!
Vacuum seal broken. Cannot use.
This came to us split open so we did not even get to try it 
Taste great - 95% melted and are stuck to wrappers. Otherwise would have been great product.
Old and partially melted.
The price was too high for the size of the product
Large bag of pumpkins seeds. About 20% of bag were over roasted with bitter/burnt taste.
Description said 6 pack and I only received 1 box of noodles.
I wish i would have read reviews! Not much candy for the price!
I love this hummus but the two containers that were delivered had spoiled and were not edible :(
The candies were totally melted when I received them.
Do not buy. Does not blend well. It is got Spanish word on it
Too greasy. The old steakums had flavor but now it is like eating a tough piece of greasy meat(?)
Not peppermint or mocha! Aweful tasting.
Kind Of got all melted and not as sour. Had this product before and it was definitely not like this.
New recipie ruined a once great tasting product
Tasted horrible...had to throw them all out!
Not fresh or as tasty as other brands
I thought I was purchasing real cookie dough
Product tasted like plastic.
Selling the apples to at the stated price was a rip off. My greatest regret falling for such scam!
The flavor was not very good.
Taste was horrible, cannot return unfortunately - threw out
Ordered two boxes in June 2017. Best if used by date was July 2017. Disappointed
Not the one that I wanted.
Tasted stale and a month away from BBD! I was disappointed.
Ate less than a bag and donated rest to food drive.  Taste burned after a while. Yucky aftertaste.
They were all broken - all 3 orders
Sour patch was not soft. Shipped from overseas.
Hated it. Smelled so bad. No taste whatsoever. Had to dump it out. Waste of money
I did not like them , they almost tasted perfumey.
The bag was already ripped open. Sad to see I cannot even ask for a replacement
The worst poke I have ever had. No real sauce or flavors besides super salty and slimy.
Dislike the taste and they were kind of stale
Very little shred. Should not be labeled marmalade. Buy Sicilian much better.
Tastes like cheap potted meat.
Over half of the pretzels were broken and I was left with a bucket of crumbs.
Arrived rotten; could not return
It says spelt which is a type of wheat. It cannot be gluten free. mislabeled.
Chocolate basketballs arrived melted and smushed and I am unable to use them for my sons party.
Disappointed , a lot of crumbs and broken pieces not worth try to get this again.
All sauces leaked during shipping. Disappointed
very poor quality
They were stale!
Very disappointed.  Arrived a melted mess.
Worse chips ever. I totally wasted my money. It was oily and loaded with salt.
These are disgusting. Do not taste anywhere near what they claim to taste like...
My plant dead only three weeks after receipt
Very disappointed - hardly any taste at all - will not buy again.  :-(
Ate some of it before finding moths had made a nest in it
This blend is nothing like the stuff we had in Jamacia.  Hard passa
Tasted terrible.  Threw it away.
Yuck! Literally taste like cardboard
I have been wanting to try Flavor God, highly disappointed. No flavor at all.
very hard and small
Unfortunately, I found a piece of wood & a bird's feather in it.
I could not eat this jerky.. it is full of salt and so much salt that I threw it away...
I could not use. It was opened when arrived and chocolate mess on the lid. Disappointed.
One of the four was open and had a terrible smell to it
I found a stone in a cluster it almost broke my tooth
Tried in a water and liquor and did not mix well at all
extremely expensive i thought its a much bigger item
Terrible.  It is like eating cardboard.  Walgreens brand Nice is the best bacon jerky.
I received 1 12-oz can and paid $9.58. I really assumed this was a 12-pack. This is crazy.
BEWARE: This product tastes awful and Amazon will not let purchaser return it.
The after taste is terrible the smell is worse
Unfortunately it is completely freezer burnt and uneatable throughout
Unfortunately I did not receive whole bean coffee!
Poor experience  and execution.... delivered with seal popped and leaked all over.
Bought the decaf and it is awful. Cannot return them so I am stuck with them.
Again, does not fit in the machine.
"Mine did not ship with the promised ""cool-pack"", and I received melted candy bars."
Product was inedible due to the fact the wrappers were melted to the product
Arrived melted and smashed. Is not a return eligible item.
The picture shows Jimmies but what you get is Gold sugar......sent back.
Advertised at 100 count but when arrived and counted only 84!
First time order of these.  Arrived not cold or frozen and molded.  Yuck.
This was pretty nasty and I love fruitcake
This tea is extremely weak!!!
Delivered stale and with a rubbery, damp texture.
Not able to try as it arrived open
I was willing to give this a try but this PF Changs just tastes too healthy.
There is no tastes of any Oolong tea!
you get what you pay for. Do NOT EAT. Threw in trash, disgusting 
Taste is nasty it taste like sweet n low or equal. Will not buy it again
Dislike the hard lacking taste
It is not really with that thick consistency, and does not even taste like eel sauce.
Box was crushed badly and cannot be returned
Crumbly mess...,taste...diet
WOW> THAT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY
Product was busted open when it came I had to trash it I tried to get it replaced but no luck
The mean was rotten with mold on it when it arrived.
Better have a chisel or hammer handy before you bake. Solid as a brick. Not at all what I expected.
it tastes so different from a natural Amla... bad product...it tastes of wood adulteration...
Save yourself money -- Box came damaged and looks like it is years old.
It was over ripe and nearly rotton. Never again.
It is tough no taste
Disgusting! It tasted like cinnamon and dirty dishwater.
great bottle but disappointing flavor and taste
The pretzels arrive all broken.
This is totally disgusting tasting! I spit it out and had to rinse my mouth to make it stop.
This stuff is NOT good... now to get rid of a whole can of it...
Not the real deal.  Waste of time and money.  Do not bother.
These are not all that.
Does not really look like a bonsai.  Just looks like a small, spindly plant.
No licorice taste or texture to this junky product.  One was too much !
Changed how you make nasty taste
bland and overcooked
I bought a box and their due date is just less than two month left. What the heck?
Did not really taste that great.  left a waxy taste in my mouth.
Molded! Disgusting! Never again!
Nasty nasty nasty, straight to trash this went
This is a rip off
The picture of the character was so bad. You could only tell who t was by shape and color.
Smells nothing like Zaatar, while having some other very strong scent. Pity it is not returnable.
The best by date on the package was inked out when it came. Not sure if the product has expired?
Did not have hardly any custard
They were stail both cans
Received the item and the chips are expiring in 10 days. Absolutely not okay.
Tastes really bitter, will not buy again.
Not an accurate description . Expensive for  amount that  actually comes in the package
For the price I paid for these cookies it was worst arrangement I ever bought for a client.
Try another brand.
I received  1 box..... I thought I was suppose to get 6????
Soft and spoiled
Expensive as hell and tasted gross. So glad i DID NOT gift this
Taste old. Package was crushed.
Great when I paid 17.94 for 6 boxes now they want 45.74 for 6 boxes. No good!
Not worth the money
Fake, lost the money...Money thrown in the trash, It is like my money has been stolen from me.
Waited more than 2 weeks, one bag short
Nothing was good about this meal, not the taste, not the flavor, nor the quality
Fast and prompt delivery but the tea is bad quality
It is so strong i could not drink it, and the item is not returnable so out $15.00
Crust was rubbery & burned quickly
Absolutely tasteless. Crunch is all you get.
The seeds were not fresh and tasted stale. It also had bad smell to it. Had to return it.
I was only given 36, no tumbler and nothing more. :(
Tried this in a donut maker and in hot oil, neither turned out good. Disappointed
The flavor is delicious like the package states.
They taste like salt water and smell like fish. Not for me but others may enjoy them.
This came all squashed and leaking
Not a good flavor, does not filter well
The first bag was really good. Ordered another and smelled and tasted like old lard. No refund.
$26 for 6 packs of hot chocolate. Wow Amazon! The advertisement is very misleading.
I can tell it was old and not a fresh product
Nothing to rave  a bout. You cet a lot ut Tardy and flair.
Good texture and crunch but awful taste.  does not taste like pizza or cheese.
"Taste nothing like ""poptarts"" nor does it really have taste, more chalky."
Missing 3 cups from box.
Way too sweet; wretched aftertaste
Top thick and  chocolate already melted
Tasted soggy, Then I noticed the expiration date, so I tossed them.
Large grains, not a fine powder.  Minimal cinnamon taste. Minimal cinnamon smell.
I would not recommend this product. It tastes very artificial.
Can had two kinks in it.
I thought the cheese had no flavor. It was like chewing on a very soft eraser. Totally horrible.
CAME AS BLOB OF MELTED CHOCOLATE. NO RETURN ALLOWED. TOTAL CRAP FOR $12.18.
I did not like more than half the package and whoppers and few other units!
I open the Box to find a hole in the bag in loose oats in the Box
If you like eating stale, hard Licorice, that tastes like licking a salt lamp; you will Love these!
Old nuts..not fresh
At this price it should be a full bottle at the very least. Quality control needs some work.
The products are all stale. Do not buy these.
Such a waste of money.
love this tea, but the stuff i got from amazon was foul. no idea why
These arrived completely melted! Disgusting!
Did not like taste, threw it away
It is heavy, texture is bad, would never order this. Have had much better fruit cakes earlier
Broken, old, overpriced!!!
Not a single one worked. Would leave zero stars if I could
Really not a good flavor!  Turkey Honey Mustard..  Bleck.
This product is super sweet for me. Tried to give it away several times. No go.
Expired date It is pitiful
Brought these right back to the store. Tasted stale and had an unpleasant aftertaste.
Worst purchase ever. Hard and stale. Really nasty so I threw them out.
I have had much more flavorful Puerh.
NOT WORTH THE PRICE THIS WAS OVERCHARGED WAY TOO MUCH
Came in an already opened box. Had dust and other bits on each can. They were all dirty.
Product tasted old and stale even when prepared to package specs.
attempt to rip off
Smells bad, and I did not care for the taste
weak flavor still on freshness date but weak flavor
Total Rip Off! Buyer Beware!
They were all stale and did not taste nice at all. It taste old and kind of frozen
Would not order this sauce again because the Sodium content is unhealthy.
Smells and taste horrible. Taste like an armpit and windex. This is not pickle juice.
Way to expensive for the amount you get
Had no flavor whatsoever and felt like you were chewing leather
Tastes like cardboard, literally.
Mustard was ok...that is the only thing that saved my party
I ordered a pkg of 12 and got 1
Came all melted even though they packed them in ice.
Tasted really funky
Maybe they were stale??
very high sodium did not know from product details , now I have 3 bottles to throw away.
No words to describe my disappointment
The fruit was all melted together. All hard too. It was disgusting.
Too small for me. My granddaughter did not care for them either
Love this flavor, but $20 for 4 bottles is ridiculous... Less than $6 locally for a lack of 4.
The box shows up and literally EVERY container of the chips are smashed.  Never again.
Damaged when received. Not edible.
If I wanted to drink battery acid, I could have bought some for cheaper than $3.50 a can...
Every one was broken.  every one!
Out of 6 jars 3 arrived unsealed and I had to throw them away. Will not be repurchasing
Tried it for a healthy option, but had a weird after taste.
Not what I expected.
No. Good. We are. Past due.  No. Refun
definitely NOT worth it add says FOUR BOXES you get ONE!!! FALSE ADD
Terribly stale. Would not recommend at all
The tree came frozen. I am very dissatisfied spending that much money and now no product
Really bad taste
The item did not come in the original packaging (the box). This is not a safe way to ship food.
Was 20 days past it is expiration date.
Bag arrived torn open
Product was expired, tasted less than great
It is EXPIRED!  I want a refund.
DO NOT BUY-THIS IS A TOTAL RIP OFF!
Not good and only received 1 out of 6
Did not taste good, was melted, just not a good experience.
This listing is for a six pack of wraps. I received one. There is no way to return it.
Could not pick up any flavor from These at all.  Just the pork rind itself.
Some garlic are spoiled/expired and this item is not eligible for return
Did not receive Lemon Lime. Rec Pink Lemonaid
These were oily and gross
I will I can is GROSS which sucks because I love coconut but these are horrible .. bad bad purchase.
it came with a big hole in the bag and sunflower seeds everywhere in the box
bag was delivered wrapped open and spilled out
I received damaged item!!
Had products not advertised. Missing products it had advertised. Would never order again.
Came all melted together and sticks to the teeth!
The item was stale, hard and tasty. Disappointed
After a year, the 'material' started literally disintegrating!
Very disappointed to read on the case of the tuna PROCESSED IN VIETNAM!
Gross. Recieved as a gift. They were old, no taste and desert dry. So disappointed.
The flavor is awful.  It is undrinkable.  I have a whole case and cannot drink it.
I am going back to cane sugar for my tea.
horrible display not at all the way its pictures could not even return it
Extremely chewy hard these were so tough my jaw was sore after three
Tastes chalky and artificial. :/
I did not read the small print. 1 can for 7.00$ ! I never would have bought this!
OK - flavor is OK at best, but I DO NOT KNOW much about fondant! Was easy enough to work with.
this coffee does not taste like coffee.  there are a lot of much better brands on the market.
Melted.. Will not buy again!
The plant came broken and with damaged pot . So disappointed
It is a little bit vinegar flavor. I wasted my money. My review has more spice than this stuff.
I was having  belly pain. This should be  sold for constipation.
Unbelievably bad.  Orange mixed with cat food with a little gasoline aftertaste.
Possible the worst coffee I have ever tasted.
Soft reeked of plastic, not fresh
No flavor, no creaminess, kept adding more hoping to taste something.
Size of chips are listed wrong. Only received 3 of 4 bags. Beware.
Smells good,but tastes like caffeinated hot water. Zero flavor.
Zero stars. Gum is stale, no way to contact seller to resolve
Unable to eat slices old and very hard. Sent product in trash
"The description said ""12 long stem roses"".Only 6 were delivered!"
This popcorn was delivered like this. Not happy,  and they say you cannot return it. Pretty sad!!!
On top of being very small for the price they were smashed. Will not buy again.
Yep, this is NOT a pack of 10 and it does NOT come in a jar is comes is a foil bag
All the cans are dented.
Bad ! Cannot re refund
Disgusting looking jars of separated mayonnaise. Damaged box inside another box.
The most awful thing I have ever put in my mouth
The kombucha was dead and inactive. waste of money
The taste is horrible
Extremely poor quality. The chocolate was unbelievably bad.
I am not sure what this tastes like, but its definitely NOT bacon!
No good. Package arrived okay and bestby date was 2/20. Rock hard. Dissatisfied.
Tossed in the garbage can!
Tatste so plain and dry that I do not like it at all.  I wnat to return it .  eww
Omg. It tastes so bad and have a bitter after taste.
Did not like texture, too chewy or the taste which was bland
Taste real bad, over advertised, over priced.
I comes rock hard and even when steamed it does not come apart, tears and breaks!! Terrible
Jar was leaking and was 2 months past expiration date.
It was open on arrival and I cannot return it.
Horrible, do not buy.
This hummus tastes like lemons and farts.  I threw it all out.
My box was opened and only 8 packs were left inside.
Very clumpy and does not dissolve in tea.  Lemon ginger, that is.  Disappointed.
Wrong design was sent and strawberries were too ripe
taste was great!  package arrive crushed so I could no serve on tea tray!!!
Straight rip off
No where near 2 lbs. terrible variety
Logo is coming off after 1st use. Dang.
Terrible taste and horribly expensive for what you get
So mildly flavored you do not even know what it is supposed to be.
These gummies are just awful! awful flavor, awful colors.
Unfortunately this item was delivered and is rock solid. Returning for a refund.
These treats arrived stale. I would like a refund or a replacement
Product was busted and pasta everywhere. Why on earth would someone want this Sloppy
The product is way too sweet.
Product is expired flavored was not right. It tasted like powder.
would have like them better if not smashed into flat pkg
The cup was completely broken!!!
Delicious but very expensive
Poor very oily sorry I would not recommend this  product.
this candy was old and nasty,... all the chocolate had turned white and is not edible...
Not even close to ripe. Bad tase, and really hard.
Did not taste like the Thai tea in Thai restaurants that I always drink.  Threw it out.
Popcorn tastes stale!
every cookie broken into tiny pieces
The vase was broken in peices in the box
Arrived - months out of date, i got a tefund
Do not bother. The matzoh was broken, had a funny after taste and was soggy.  Very disappointed.
This coffee is expired !
This item was awful! Made my cookies taste like soap or shampoo
I was really hoping these would be delicious, especially for the price.  They are inedible.
Nasty. Too much pepper
Ad says pack of 12- 2 oz units. Received 1-2 oz unit. Certainly not a good buy.
Good for a sugar-high for kids, but bland and mushy.
Item had already expired. Buyers beware.
Horrible taste of artificial sweetener.
this cake mix cost me $11.00
This is one of the worst tasting jerky sticks I have ever tasted.
I just did not like any of the tea.
Ordered 6 pack of 40 tea bags and received 6 pack of 20 tea bags
Expiration date only couple months
Big mistake! Should have known this Hispanic company could not produce this product...SMH
Taste like ice no cream what is so ever. Flavorless to the teeee I would not recommend.
Like eating something artificial
The candy corn was stale and all broke up.  Would not buy again.
looks sealed, air seemed to get in and out of bag. Nuts ranced and stale
I have had these before. They were amazing but the ones I bought here were awful
It was rancid when I opened it. Wasted $10.
I did not like the texture or the taste 
Why would a major, quality brand like Tillamook put out such inedible $^&%?
Shame on you, Glory Foods!! I even added some butter!  Nasty!
I thought the taste and smell was awful. I was so disappointed. I really wanted to like it.
did not like this flavor at all
Very over priced
Not a great mix of nuts mostly peanuts not many Brazil nuts or hazel nutsno walnuts or pecans
one bottle broke in shipping the second was expired and smelled spoiled
We are returning- they came completely broken up in crumbled; could not salvage
I had to through away after 3 days. It tasted old.
Package torn up. Old and dirty
Did not like these at all.
Iit is delicious but it arrived in crumbles. Impossible to eat as a table cracker.
Did Not recieve what I thought I was, very upsetting.
I used it to make a fruit cake.  Very good cake!
They state you get 10 boxes with 100 rolls and you actually get 1 box with 10 rolls.  total rip off
I paid $30 for 2 small bafs of these and they do not even taste like raspberry
Not good. Tried it on pulled pork and could not eat it.
I wanted to use this for my birthday but unfortunately letters quick to rip apart
Does not taste like hazelnut. Taste bitter and like butter. Ruined my coffee.
Ridiculously overpriced, but supply and demand is at work.
Not so good.  Inside very DRY and seems to be a very OLD package.
These dipping spices might be tasty if you could taste anything but SALT
Definitely not what I expected.
There is absolutely no taste. Do not waste your money
The bag was crushed when received. Little bitty pieces affected the taste.
The cans were half empty, and the product was like mush, terrible product, will never order again
Absolutely rotten product
This is a mushy mess. As a Jamaican, I am absolutely offended and deserve reparations for this bs!
Really tiny Just get a whole pizza
Do not waste your time are your money. Very disappointing
Product was a solid mass
artificially sweetened-stevia cotton candy flavor please
Cannot return safety buttons open.
It did not have a smell and became dry after one day, not as mention on amazom
Grossest chips ever
Beautiful plant but pot was broken
Tastes terrible not a hint of burgundy flavor.
Paid for something to throw away
Tastes like cardboard
These did not taste good at all.
Product came with a hole in bag and it was all over the inside of the box
ordered  coconut milk-received coconut cream-unable to return
I would not order this again, it was too sweet and had an awful aftertaste.
Why is it not good? Why did I waste my money?
Box was opened and only had 15 in it
hard as a rock  I suspect these were not properly stored before sold. AWFUL
some of the product was outbof date some pieces were misshaped like it had been exposed in heat
The pods are not recyclable.
There are only 30 bags despite it claiming 100
Does not have a a watermelon taste. Taste like plan honey. Not happy with the purchase.
So disappointed in what I got for the price . Looks like leftover holloween candy
The cost for such a small amount of candy.
Followed directions, nothing grew.
Taste like chemicals not my favorite
The product arrived with the seal broken, and I am not able to return it for a new one.
worst tasting candy I have ever had.
Not sure why I did not read reviews. Do not buy. Melted mess.
The chocolate was old.  Very disappointed especially for what I paid.
What is with all the stems?!
Picture the most impressive part of gift.  Maybe it is just me though.
There was maybe two out of the entire 30 that was actually quality coffee
Took 2 bites then threw in the trash tasted disgusting inedible
Half of these were spoiled and curtled the coffee
Not a great taste at all
This was supposed to be a pound, but was not. I weighed it and it was only 9 ounces.
Terrible flavor. Turns into soggy mush instantly
Can came extremely dented.  Could not use.
The taste is very blan, I would not recommend this.
Very bad quality. It was so bad we did not even finish it
Not crunchy at all. Taste rather stale. Could not use as a keto dip scoop. Very disappointing.
14$ For the size bag I got was horrible.. S I will not reorder. Disappointed 
The texture and flavor is off.
Every single bag of these cookies was either stale or tasted rancid!
It is only had a few chips
The item arrived and the chips were stale.
Licorice was stale and hard
We got the Pepsi as the pic
I was sent expired products.
Only half and half is half and half
Love the coffee but getting only half the order was a let down
This coffee mix was a nope for me. Tasted like I put dirt in a glass.
This is the second delivery that has been damaged or unusable. Only 4 glass jars survived the trip.
$150,000.00!!!! Very amusing. I will pass.
Half of these have holes.. do not waste your money!
Everyone of the candy canes spoons are broken and unreturnable.  Very disappointed
Very expensive and half the cans must have froze during that cold week. The soda was flat.
Received open and dameged It was leaking from the box when received
This tasted like poorly mixed sugar free pudding...
Overpriced.  Taste awful.
Glazed donut is not good and it smells so bad
Just eat egg white powder from the health food store.  Or eggs.  Jesus
So disappointed with the crumbs. Not a bit of jerky. Bad quality for the money
Not only was this candy expired when i got it, it came 3 weeks late.
Product expired 3 months before it was shipped to me
I dislike this so much. Wish I could return it. Nasty and expensive
There was no seal on the can itself, and you cannot return. So literally threw money in the trash
Product was used and bag open when I received it
Not fresh at all. They must have been sitting in a warehouse for a while. My money was refunded.
It is tasty without all the work and ingredients.
Not vacuumed sealed!! Got refunded!
The fruit did not taste good, it was not what I expected
I bought for my daughter and she did not like it so I tried it and it is honestly just no good!
I had to throw them out, not etable
The included heaters did not work. Had to eat my meals cold.
Cookies arrived on time but they were all melted together.
Very disappointed in taste and amount of cereal. Would not recommend!
I ordered 4 cans and two arrived very dented.
These arrived very chewy and stale. Had to throw them away. Very disappointed. Would not buy again.
EXPIRED AND NOT REFRIGERATED PER INSTRUCTIONS AND NO REFUND AVAILABLE!!!!
Arrived broken and liquid drained from red olives
Chocalate tasted and appeared old.
not as good as it was when I was a kid
Awful luster dust. Its the texture of flour and does not work for baking.
VERY Smashed and bruised  - Tossed about half that was beyond hope.
I would give 0 stars if possible This product is expired as of 8/16
Make sure you really want this. It is not returnable.  And it is sooooooo small
It has an awful taste
4 days old including the day they got here. I am very disappointed.
Terrible - threw in the trash. Could not eat the ham in it
it was not complete
Gum was stale, hard, and disappointing.  No return policy.
Absolutely horrible tasting. We threw them out.
Gross, works as it is supposed to but
To much cherry. Gave both expensive boxes to my coworker. Him and his wife liked it.
These cups are terrible! Grounds in every cup of coffee. Will not order again.
This was supposed to be a pack of 6 and I got 1!
These chips were stale!  Not crispy like the ones I have had before.
Came broken.  Not thin.  Did not care for flavors.
Waste of money.  No one would eat them.  More like thin little disks than fruit snacks
package was crushed.
when i bought this item, I thought the price was $1.99, but somehow i paid over $6.00 on this item.
Can was dented , would like a refund
Delivered leaking from bag it came in. No return available. Rip off
It was not fresh
WTF --' you need your head examined
I got a pair scissors instead of my relish. Guess which one goes better on my hot dogs>
Did not make them grow Do not waist your mony
Box is damaged, nuts are not fresh and smell mold
I love butter pecan but this was very stale and will not order again from here
how do I return this. its all broken up!
The salami was delivered but was rotten. Very green!!
That is all. It is NOT KETO. End of review.
Dry, very little cream cheese.  No Sale by Date.  Over priced.  Would not purchase again.
Only received one box. Do not order!!
There is NO expiration date !
I know it is concentrated but way way to salty for my taste. It is overwhelming
Juice was disgusting
Every single one was broken, will not buy again on Amazon.
I like almost all That is It bars, but this was gross.
The taste is not bueno. Weak, very watery and cold.
Just disgusting!! Nothing else to say!
Steak are tough and lack of marbling. Over price.
These bars gave me the worst cramps ever. I will never again buy a Think think product.
Product was stale
I received the wrong flavor
This is a bad product. It turns to mush and it is sour!!! Do not buy this!
I am familiar with Crema e Gusto, it is delicious, this was either old or gone bad. Threw it out.
I had high hopes however it was soggy and a bit oily.
Only 2 items received one was missin
No flavor, you need to add your own vanilla to have it even taste decent.
Terrible. Came with mold on top
I had bought the 3 packs of 10 oz jerky, it came but only 2 packs. Missing 1 whole pack.
It arrived melted
NOT WHAT I RECOMEND IT WAS NOT WHAT THE DISCRIPTION SAID NO WHERE EVEN CLOSE
Worst product ever tasted dislike much never get again
Great item if you like wasabi coated peas. That is what I received.  I dislike wasabi items.
nuts were not good.  will not order again
Arrived as a melted sloppy mess
This was expensive and not fresh
ARRIVED CRUSHED AND NO RETURNS
Product destroyed in shipping Toffee EVERYWHERE
Did not taste like a snickerdoodle cookie should. And it had a weird consistency too.
Inaccurate  Title. It is only 3 packages.
When trying to take ironed the sheets it fell apart
The texture threw me off. Very disappointed. It feels so wierd.
Do not order these through delivery. They are all broken!
Just not big enough portions .
Stale, inedible.
Yuck! I could barely finish half the bowl! So disappointed. Yuck!
i a submtting this again to ensure that my dissapointment was noted
The cotton candy arrived as a lump as hard as rock and that is why it is non-returnable
Yucch! Back to Fage
These are hard and have to be expired, stale and you cannot return them
They were all messed up crushed
Overpriced maple sugar coated bacon... Dissapointed with purchase
It was so dry... terribly over baked.
Not good always end up In the trash for not being fresh ......
Flavor was awful and no refunds allowed
Generally weak flavor; capsules sometimes break in the machine.
Not fresh at all. Arrived melted.
It had more of a chalky taste root beer flavor than I expected it to be.
The bag came with 2 holes inthe bottom with powder all over the bag.  I had to throw them out.
My daughter was not able to get the house to stand so she could decorate. :-(
For some trying thought this was sweet it is not.
Flower ill at best maybe lasted 2 days
Tasteless and oddly greasy.  Very expensive product of very poor quality
Taste like chemicals
Package was open and coffee grounds were everywhere in the box
Tea was not sealed properly could not use was large amounts of dust in box
Awful product. Exploded in the coffeemaker. Grounds everywhere.
No. Just do not order this as it is absolutely horrible.
What as the a rip off! The quantity you get for the cost is not worth it!
Sent green bananas that never ripened. They just rotted.
I like coconut water, but this tastes sour,  every bottle.
The expiration was only two months after I have purchased it.
I ordered 3 box set only got one and it was in tiny pieces.. plus you cannot return it
Chemical pumpkin taste. Not a fan
My bottle of orange blossom water was delivered to me shattered. Would like a refund.
Was going to display in large crystal bowl. Bad condition of contents so threw it away .
It comes in bulk pacakagung. Product is hard and stale. Do not recommend
Not tasty with milk. Not as bad as a dry snack.  it was too much like Froot Loops to be Cheerios
Too oily. 40 % of calories from fat.
You have been warned!
Does not work with Keurig 2.0 machines.
Tastes weird. I will never use again
Very dry and bland
Got the wrong coffee. No where in the description did it say decaf. And cannot return.
This is miss leading and very bad product.
No flavor they were not fresh. Will Not buy again.
It showed up half open
Was late and box was damaged. Some of the containers were smashed and opened inside the box.
Heavy cream powder turned into clumps and would dissolve; very disappointed.
The product was hot and boxes was dry and the ice was melted
These were edible but not tasty and not the least bit spicy.  The original version was much better.
Absolutely no heat or flavor
It may be fresh, but has very little taste.
7 stale crackers
I thought the truffles would add a flavor Not a fan of the truffle flavor
This price is way too high. You can buy a case 4 for elsewhere for $33.
Did not like the taste of this tea whatsoever.
It was not the way I thought it is going to be
Only 5 of the 40 worked in my Kreuig brewer
It has a weird taste and texture
Totally In pieces.
I started eating these and then realized there is green mold everywhere. Disgusted. No thanks.
The preserves had the consistency of jello. I think it was an old bottle?
Not edible The blueberries were old and had a strong chemical taste. I threw them away.
Bottle was cracked and spilled all inside packaging
Really disappointing. Am I a cinnamon snob and I did not know it? Now we have a pound of this.
Do not waste your money. It is slimy and clumpy and too sweet and not much peanut flavor.
I only received one 10oz bag of my order. It was supposed to be 60oz.
"These are not chocolate covered berries. These are ""flavored"" centers."
Wasted my money the whole bag was a ball and gummy mess
I will not order these again Most of them were broken !!!
Got less starbucks pods then item said. Very disappointing Will not buy again!
Product arrived with the contents all in the box.  Lid open and safety seal open
The inside of the bag has an insane pungent chemical smell
This was an old product... it was expired by a few months.
No crunch bars in the whole bag and only 5 butter fingers.
The <5 month expiration date speaks for itself. Stale and disappointing!
Cookies arrived broken
Received them today.  They expire next month 
Bleh tasted horrible
I think that it is too salty. I have gotten a different brand before and LOVED it...
Not real vanilla. My fault for not reading closer.
I threw these away.  They are unedible.  Amazon will not refund money.
This is a bag of salt, the was very little season just salt.
Not what I expected
They do not even smell like cinnamon.
This item arrived with the jar open.
I purchased to use at a baby shower.  They tasted horrible.  And they had a very weird waxy texture
Is old and smell bad and is non-returnable
I should have listened to the reviewers. The mushrooms came in molded. Very disgusting!!!
tasted like waxy plastic, and fall apart right away
too bad the cans had to be terribly damaged.
It came it broken cap. You cannot close it and cannot return.
The cake toppers were flimsy. Not what I excepted...I returned the items.
This was gross, it tasted like chemicals
Disgustingly sweet. Drain pour.
Great Chips, but you only receive 1 bag, not 6 like the photo in the description.
The sticks that are glued on the back fell off and I had to tape them manually.
Very disgusting, mixed with sandseriously
did not taste fresh , texture was off, will not purchase again. taste funny.
I use it to complete my nasi dish ! No flavor at all. Money ok if the product would be better.
I just do not know why it is so hard ? I do not know if it is pure  date powder or something in it .
Sadly, half the bags of chips were stale and I did not even want to try the rest.
Paid too much for a single pack
The WORST.  NO TASTE.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  It is not returnable.
THE BACK IS RIPPED!!!!!
The product is great, but it doubled in price since March. That is price gouging
Mold. Fn disgusting. Give me my money back or a year's worth of non mold for free.
Weaker than previous when it was sold under the Flavia brand name.
This was easy to cook but it was all hot spice and no rich Asian flavors.  Do not recommend!
Only got 2 instead of 6 as advertised.
My package arrived empty!
Only half the order was delivered
One salt container was open  and salt was everywhere
Feels like it is burning your throat! Would not recommend it.
Kcup brake easy 
$14.22 per  box is theft....Taking advantage of EBT....shameful...
Unfortunately the gum in the container was not fresh. Gum balls were too hard to chew.
old stock, taste horrible!!!!!
Disappointed.. I received my cake topper bent and had no option to exchange or return.
Arrived completely broken
received them in mail both boxes were melted to box. Inedible...no REPLACEMENT lost all my $
No flavor. no wonder no return policy
about 30% was little tiny pieces not worth frying.
Received expired product. Unable to return/replace
Arrived melted with the ice packs becoming heat packs.
Pretzels were as hard as rocks.  How old were they?  Both items received today were disappointing.
The listing says that you will receive (8) 3.15 oz packages... You ONLY get ONE and it is NASTY!
I do not care to much about this baking powder 
One bottle ripoff
Not enough smoky flavor in this brand also too Much hard residue in Sausage !
I regret not returning this.
GMO's with Roundup!  Yum!
Expiration one month from day of receipt.
I do not taste kiwi or watermelon just raw caffeine powder and vitamins completely a waste of money.
After 6 minutes of cooking it was pure slime. Just gross. No way is my family going to eat that.
Seems fake coco powder
These were incredibly stale. Hard and old. Very disappointing.
they are supposed to be 16, not 12
Items were melted. Coconut was all wet from heat. Sorry I ordered living in Florida
Sickening taste. Disappointed that return is not allowed.
I do not like the taste, they are very liquid, and very sweet
These suck. I threw them out
Paid $6.55 for a 7 oz box (tiny) of cheeszits.  Rip off
Ordered this  product for cooking,  came solidified rendering it useless. Should be an oil...
This coffee has zero flavor. It just tastes gritty.
This was not what I expected, it had a very chalky aftertaste and did not meet my expectations.
Misleading item description.. not able to return. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER!!
i did not like that i could not return it i bought 4
They all taste exactly the same. Tasted stale and the texture was so weird.
Yeah the crabmeat can was all dented
Never will order again they looked terrible all melted
No taste at all and I usually love this brand and matcha
Package came very damaged. Product was opened and therefore inedible now.
Chocolate is old.
Tasted stale. Chewy
Had a foul odor and was very slimy.  Not impressed
This product was not fresh very old all the juice was missing the container was cracked.
The flavor lasts about 2 seconds.
Do not buy junk will not return
3 bags were opened but all had ants
Sour coffee - just add water
Coffee was out of date. Smelled old and rancid. Tin also arrived damaged.
I am not too happy whit them
oil is yellow and contiminated
This stuff is nasty!!
Used to love but this match does not taste good!
My review title says it all. A really bad purchase. Disgustingly bad coffee.
Too small for that holiday price increase. I am not sure that I will order any next year.
Not the best gum i have had
The entire box of tofu packages were expired. April 2021.
Product expired in May 2021
Terrible. Its like liquid meat. Very loose and not even tasty
The gingerbread house was filled with mold! We had to throw it out!
I suppose handling would be the best way to describe.  Not careful...
the meat was about to turn, had to throw most of it out.
Color is not gose gold and the topper is small.
I like this flavor, but these were wet and slimy. I ended up throwing them away.
Yellow food coloring is a mess.
Was hoping for a good tangy flavor with the lemon-lime, but was just a dull xylitol flavor.
Received the wrong product (orange peel). I want to get my money back or the  correct product.
Soggy compared to freshly prepared cauliflower rice I have bought at other stores.
Tastes like cardboard. ... Or cotton balls.
Terrible. Had no taste and was rubbery like squid. 
I would like a replacement but returns are not acceptable.
What a disappointment. Nasty.
And opened one other bag so far and popcorn tasted stale.
Just received my box of twizzlers today, very dissatisfied old and stale!
Slimy and poor quality.
Great product but always damaged because they ship in a bag the whole can was crushed
JUST SAY NO TO PLASTIC
As I mentioned products seal was broken and unfortunately I cannot return it
I bought 4 bags of these , they were all mushy and rotten and I cannot even return it do not buy
The carmel was spoiled
STALE and about 2 years past expiry date.
Was not what I was expecting to get.
missing boxes, bought pack of 5 and only received 1
The taste is horrible. It does not taste like peaches or mango at all
Broken, leaking in packaging. No way to get replacement
Does  giveyou any flavor to the coffee is make the coffee taste terrible
This item was opened in the bag
So bad I threw it away.
That was not Cretan!
The box I received does not have a 'best by' or expiration date, only a lot number.
Old stuck together chocolate covered almonds. Chocolate had even turned white. Horrible experience.
Arrived opened with crackers all over in the box
I love licorice, but these are just plain nasty.
I cannot return it and it is unusable.  I am so unhappy.
box smashed but usable
It is like a rock hard and super dry. Better to buy at the Local whole foods.
Bags have about 6 mini cookies in each
Recieved open cannot return
VERY chewy like eating rubber, followed directions to the letter. I threw them in the trash.
Almost every bag was stale and it was impossible to try and return and get a new box
Smells rancid and definitely not safe to use
Not a good quality It was liquid and did not smell good. I do not recommend it.
Old sunken in oranges old decrepit oranges bad for the soul bad for your mama
They were melted and all stuck together I was not happy
Flavor is great for the 5 seconds it lasts.
Smashed into bits
These are gross.
Old and hard. Not good at all! Past orders have been fine. Do not know what happened to this one.
We love the product but 2 of our bottles came broken. How can I get these replaced?
Bitter, with barely a whiff of bergamot.
Weird flavor. Will not reorder. Expensive for what you get.
Expensive for the amount you receive
This was delivered as a box of loose dirty waters
The description said that it worked with the Keurig 2.0.  It does not!!!!!!  What a waste of money.
Broken and gross upon delivery
Was opened seal was broken and leaked threw it away what a waste
The taste is horrible and has awful smell.  Do not recommend at all.
This tastes disgusting and I realized too late that it is non-returnable!!!
The apples had no flavor and were mealy as well, unfortunately it went in the trash
I would not suggest this!
I would like to replace the item but how am I supposed to send back a leaking bottle
I gagged as soon as I smelled it and promptly threw it in the trash. Waste of money.
Edges area burned and not as bright as I expected. For $8 bucks, very cheap product.
The product was stale.  Never had an issue before.
No flavor , wish I could get my money back
I like the flavors I received, but since it was Assorted I expected more than just two flavors.
Not as advertised, expensive, and xylital.  Be careful for your pets.  Will not order again
latte the pods leak
pop burst and send coffee grounds in cup
Terrible taste!  Threw it away
It tastes like medicine. Terrible taste... had to throw everything away
Does NOT have a flavor or an aroma similar to oranges or vanilla.
Usually these are very good but my batch this time would not melt
Was to be a mix of 4 flavors and only had 1, Cherry. Cherry is the 1 flavor i do not care for.
Item was only half there. Came with 12 shots not 24
Not how I remember at all. This candy was hard to chew. Very disappointed.
I thought something was wrong with my tap water because it tasted like cleanix disgusting
I received the item melted and crushed like someone stomped it to death
Salt basically went to the bottom of the bowl. Popcorn held no flavor.
Made Me Sick to my stomach
Buyer beware. Please read before purchase. This is a 1.5 oz bag.
Think they was old
My daughter did not like the taste at all
I chose to go with the MRE after taking the sauce on this. And I so wanted it to work!
This is not what I thought it was going to taste like.
This is nothing near a goat meat smell or spice,Waste of money
Nasty taste. Buy Slim Jims instead
What a waste of money!
Almost impossible to cut.
The entire package was melted. Impossible to use.
Horrible stuff, tastes just like water. Will not buy again or anything else they make or sell.
Too coarse and not absorbent enough for tortillas. Might work well enough for other applications
They arrived partially BROKEN and completely STALE.
Awful. Did not like a single flavor. Thankful that I was refunded.
Item arrived damaged. The bag was all torn up and the cake topper dirty and broken.
Tastes like baking soda with a hint of day old chewed bubblegum.
Hot and old and the bag smelled3 month expiration date = TRASH
Flavor was disgusting. Wish I could return.
The jar was damaged and possibly cracked glass in the product. And it sucks that I cannot return it
Almost everything I got was broken Chiles, seeds, pieces. Not many good whole undamaged Chili's.
Half of them expire in less than a year- a few of them expire in three years
Compared to Jasmine green tea, this green tea taste pretty odd.
They came stale and half melted. Horrible texture and flavor.
I was very disappointed I this products. I really tasted like soap! Will not be buying this again.
It was so artificial tasting had a strong bad taste.
I received a horrible batch (cancelled my subscription).
Was drinking another brand but they ran out so tried this. Awful
These are terrible!
Not happy with a product that only lasts 3 years
We purchased Creole Original 2 pack of 8oz. We got More Spice Creole 7oz.
Worst broth I ever got. Stay away
says organic in the title but it is not
These expired 1 month before I even placed my order!
Do not waste your money! Arrived ripped and no way to attach to cake.
No taste at all.  A Waste of my money.
Tastes like stale crap. Not a health food. Do not buy
All bottles were leaking
Product is too sheer and liquidity, also very overpriced. Bottle is a about an inch big.
I literally thought I was getting then mints!! It is not real:(  I am so tired of crap like this
The item came shattered
cannot use it.  the cap will not come off off
Item lid was damaged and had no seal when opened.
Not a good taste and expensive for what you get
This was maybe worth $1. Definitely not more; it was very cheap.
Beware, if you buy this product, you are funding a lawsuit against one of my family members.
These have wonderful earth notes very dry and lack filling.......
They flavor may have been okay had they not been expired.
I got wrong item.  Did not waste my time on returning item.
I would have love them but one of the packs was molded upon delivery.
It is not acidic, but I and no one in my office liked this coffee.
Has no flavor, not worth your money!
You cannot taste the flavor not worth the but
Missing several items
Loved it! Great gift idea!
Product was stale.
Bought one for a Christmas gift. Delivered 12/2021 but expired 08/2020.
I still like the tea but adored the tiny figurines that were in the box. Bring them back!!!!
Artificial sweetener aftertaste - yuck!
God awful the first time. Thought it was different 2nd time. Same product received.
Love the product, but all six jars leaked in transit.  Very disappointed.
Different bag and different candies, not as advertised on picture.
It tastes like bar of soil...
None of them tasted like the flavors advertised.  Just tasted like very strong coffee.
WATER TASTED LIKE PLASTIC.
Had a terrible aftertaste.  Not even close to a sloppy joe.  A waste of money.
Did not like it. Very very small, tasted stale. Will not buy again.
This product tastes like cigarette smoke!!!! Do not buy!!!! Awful and no returns even unopened.
On arrival (May 4, 2019), the product had already surpassed its best before date.
Half of them were upside down so totally useless; a waste of money.
Description of product says 10 beans. The package includes 2.
Coffee is great. Have not received a can yet that was not dented. Got one with no cap.
It tasted good but their was a weird black netting bad spot inside I threw it away
Great looking product but the taste is mediocre.
It is pure sugar
Bags of flour busted. Unable to use product
Most items were too small to use in a gift bag
Was advertised as 8 bags. Only 1 bag arrived.
Ginger bread house broken upon arrival.
This product is not flavorful and adds a strange taste to my foods.
Taste old and awful! Ruined my cake
Do not buy these, they taste horrible!!
Only 2 of the 4 seasonings arrived. Very disappointed
Only 25% of these cups work in our Keurig.
Not too good. It was not what I expected. I only had one cup
This item is not powder it is very lumpy cannot be used.
Very bitter. Okay if you add creamer Sorry I bought will stick to other decaf cups from Amazon
Stale and weak coffee
Great but leaked o  shoes I oordered
Flimsy. Sent it right back!
Less than 4lbs including the box. NOT worth what I paid. Variety was as expected.
These candies are flavorless. And the texture is like you are chewing on wax.
Not spicy. Not edible. I could not return this item!!
The item is about to expire when received
The water taste contaminated
Product exceed the use by date!!!!
Only sent one box instead of amount listed on site.
I do not know what happened but the batch we received was rotten. Completely inedible.
Do not purchase as the box of Cheetos expired 3 weeks after purchase
The listing is for 24- 1oz box . I received 18 BAGS of cracker jacks not 24 BOXES
Too much salt and diabetes in a package
Taffy was as hard as a rock. Do not buy! Cannot return.
These things have zero flavor. I love all gummy bears, except these. These suck
Did not eat because it might be contaminated
Expired food items not entitled to refund or replace items.
Package was open and could not return.  Very disappointed.
Taste is terrible!
Gum was terrible I would not buy again. The gum taste like it was old.
It was broken and the seal was crumbling.
They came spoiled when I opened the bag. I was really excited about these and let down. :(
When it says pack of 8 it means on one bag..and not that tasty just plain coconut
I paid $28.26 for 1 little box that costs $1 maybe $2.00???
Gummy, and I could not eat it 
My clear gel was opened when I received it.
Bag was so small not worth it plus I am not sure how fresh it was
Managed to salvage from the heat...no one called me...should have had ice in a 115 in phx az
Not worth the money!!! cheap plastic
Says safe for birds But upon further research I found that Blanche nuts or not so great for birds!
Really a low grade coffee. Feel ripped-off for buying it.
This did not taste like sweet tea at all. The raspberry lemonade is much better.
Terrible taste. Not happy with item.
Not a good taste it had a filmy flavor of soap Not something I would purchase again
The cake smelled lovely while it baked. Then we frosted it and tasted. Need I say more? Nasty.
Horrible flavor. Almost taste like a very diluted pina colada.
Arrived broken and powdery. They tasted gross as well, like they were old.
I cannot use it. I cannot return it. Frustrated.
My fault for not ready the size but 24 life savors for $4.00 is PRICE GOUGHING!!!
Weak coffee with a horrible chemical tasting flavor. Tastes like hot garbage
Quality of flowers were poor.
Tastes like crap. Do not do it.
It is too sweet. No real flavor of lavender.
These were terrible. Chewy and flavorless. Nothing like fresh
all arrived with expired dates on them,,,
but small hole in the bag and the powder got all over everything else in the box
Did not even get to try. Package was busted open.
it is not really worth it the money wasted my money very bad taste nothing is good about it
Expiration date was less than a month.
A misprint or false advertising. they are $.70 each.
This is not worth the price . I am truly upset that it cannot be replaced
It was horrible and was stale would wish I can get my money back not what I was aspecting
Bulge on bottom of bottle, cannot set down without falling over.
All of the almonds are totally melted not eatable unless you would use a spoon
Great Value product not! great value here
Broken item received no offer for refund or replacement
rest of box ,,,,,,,not strong no further orders
This some sort of ground meat that was almost liquid. It was slop in a can.
Really tart - do not attempt to drink it as is
I do not know why I would have expected them unmelted, but I did.
These chips were loosely packed with cans of soup and tuna and have been smashed into crumbs.
not what was adv.
Very disappointed in the lack of taste.
Description stated a package of 6 and I only received 1
My mom said it came with the branches on one side all broken, there are only 5 left.
The can out of box completely crushed.
Came with a hole and leaking. Had to throw it out and no offer to return/refund
Product was stale..very disappointing 
This did not taste like Pad Thai.  It was spicy noodles, it went in the trash!
Someone in your shipping ate half a bag of these chips return -mail paskavich@yahoo.com
Bitter and awful taste
Love the idea but it arrived melted... very disappointing.
This product was put in the same box as a bunch of other heavy items. It came open.
The Product was Undeliverable
I want my money back!!
I love this stuff but my second jar came broken. Complete mess to deal with.
This coffee has zero flavor . And a no return policy.
So tasteless with a weird smell like sour pumpkin
I throw away my stew this product smell terrible like garbage container
I thought the flavor was gross and had to throw it out
Item arrived punctured and damaged
I do not recommend it!!!
Disliked....waste of money...candy wraps opened
Both bottles broke ..I am still waiting for a reply from you.
LOOK ON THE FRONT .99 A PEICE!!!! YOU ONLY GET 12, WHAT KIND OF DEAL IS THAT??
I tried to make lemon pepper wings with this and ended up eating salt wings
Cane damaged with package broken. Green powder all over the place!
I love this spice but I only got one jar not the two pack I paid for
Got this case of drinks to find one missing when i opened it
Full of bugs upon arrival
they are not edible!  the whole point is to decorate Christmas cookies
I received a Jasmine Green tea blend and they do not let you return or exchange it
I got fined, but got no product.
tasteless. Nothing good about it.
Chalky not chewy and not sour at all. Just gross.
Flavor was not satisfactory for family members but they love other flavors
They are very hard to eat
item open on arrival, no return option food safety issue.
Horrible taste and texture. They stink like you have no idea.
Does not taste good at all, I cannot recommend.
"Cookies come out ""cake-like"" not like cookies.  Did not care for flavor either."
Arrived broken and was not able to return. Not happy with my purchase.
Not worth buying.
Was excited to order these but packaging was horrible and all broken
Not what was advertised.  Complete waste of money and cannot return.
Nearly outdated product. Shame.
All of my products are expired by 2 years!! That is very poor business!
This stuff is crap.
That is not what I ordered! Nothing to do with the picture they use to sell it. Terrible
Far from having the taste of pancakes, and it is kind of bitter.
Bitter taste, not even a hint of lychee flavor in the drink.
Not tasty at all.
what a dry, tasteless turron.  Is the worst turron of yema I had in a long time
Arrived wet and smashed
Not what I expected...took too long to arrived.
Too sweet to eat. Also a whole lota fat. Just make it yourself at home.
Now I know where all the crushed ones go!!!
Were not what I had bought at the store. Tasted a bit off
These are unbelievably salty. I would never order this flavor again!!!
it has sodium and I am sodium restricted to 850 mg. a day
Both bottles with seals open. Flake powder all over bottles.
Poor taste, bitter chemical flavor and does not spread.
Mine arrived melted and separated and never looked right so I did not use it!
Most of the food you just could not eat!
Weird after taste. Ended up throwing away.
Mine was spoiled even before the sell by date. Be cautious
These were poor colors it took a lot of product to get any color from them waste of money and time
Do not like the taste or texture but it is my fault I did not realize this is not real pasta
Liquid separated from tartar sauce. Not able to use. Absolutely disgusting
Came with mold on it!
This was rather gross and tasteless.
My box came in, and ALL of the syrup was dumped.
The expiration date is less than a month away. Returned.
Very disappointing to receive 18 packages on September 2 and they all expire Sept 18-25!!
Not what I thought.. so nasty no taste..
Do not buy.  They are expensive for the little amount you receive.
They are to sweet and have omly a slight taste of pepperment.
Chocolate was melted.  Paper was stuck to it.  No refunds.
Will not order again! Terrible
It is like dust,clumps
We got these delivered 3 times spoiled. They are great if they were fresh!
product came broken in little pieces
|The filling was tasty. The cookie part was not.Dogs liked it.
Too much sugar on it
Thus product has changed. They have changed the recipe and they are no longer the same biscuit
Not happy with the product.  They were very hard, almost like they were old.
Tree showed up with broken branches, wilting leaves, probably going to die, save your money
Did not work at all. I was very disappointed.
Definitely not fresh.
Product came wet and damaged and unfortunately not good
The taste and texture was off for me.
Sickening Run do not walk from this product!
Do not confuse this with Gevalia's Signature Crema! This is very weak and not at all good '
I did not order this item and it is not returnable - I am very angry about it!
Candy was melted, I was unable to return.
These look nothing like the photo. They are faded and dull. I will not be using them.
Watered down alot
Nowhere near the original!  Also very small and NOT worth the $$$!
This stuff tastes awful I have tried other health drinks and they make sure they taste good at least
Great Crunch factor, but way TOO SALTY. Taste to be desired. Overpriced.
I got this product broken. the bottle is broken already.. and it is not able to return or refund.
It just stinks the whole house,  cannot take it!
Really good Bread. Costs around $3 at Walmart.
One of the pumps does not work
It was so nasty I just threw them away
Terrible and cannot return
I hate it so much
Never again. If you value not sitting on the John all day, stay away from this stuff.
Soybean oil does not belong in Italian cuisine. Shame on the company!
"Cookies ""best by"" date September 15, 2019. Returning. Please send fresh product next time."
Very hard to mix disappointed
Ok but too expensive for wheat noodles.
It pops really small kernels.
Candies are spotted white and look gross, unable to return. Very disappointed!
It was rock solid and I was not able to return. Do not buy product!
The worst tasting tea on earth.
Found bugs in the lettuce and had to throw it away. I was given a refund from Amazon.
These are not my personal cup of tea. They taste like berry flavored nickels.
The can was crushed on both ends when it arrived.  Unusable
It is not strong enough for my taste
Got my pack and No cotton candy or cherry like it said!
These beef sticks came in a timely manner but were rancid. Cannot return so
Of you like that fake nacho cheese crap, then this is probably a dip for you.
This is only 48 cans of soda, NOT 48 packages of soda!
It was not the kind I was looking for
Not worth the time or money to order. The plant arrived dying and yellow.very disappointed 
Unfortunately stuck with a bunch of boxes of this stuff
Only got one box in my package.
The candy was stale. the chewy pieces were hard.
All the candy came stale and is inedible! Try to return but they do not take reruns. Do not buy!
Thickness I gave 0. And flavor very funny. Really do not like it.
I can not find any use for this.  It is not good in coffee.  Strong flavor with bitter overtones.
This product should not have cost this much for 1 32 oz.
It was all melted!!!!! Will never buy again!!
The photo on the item being sold is different from what was delivered.
These buns are terrible. Do not buy
stop ripping people off!!
I recieved several that had already expired. Otherwise I would have given a much better review.
These things are nasty!
Dented cans and tasted old a few cans had white film stuff in them so i had to throw them out.
This item is not eligible for return . ( @@ )  !!!!!
It takes sooooo long to boil and still is un boiled
Yuck. Why sell candy that is old? Does not taste good ugh
They arrived not cold  Nasty Smell and Spoiled ..Just Spoiled
They do not work, I  had to STILL get exterminated
The watermelon was soggy, warm and had a weird color to it. Gross!
items were NOT DELIVERED, i been here all morning.
"I bought the wrong size but, ""original line"" could have been in the heading or description."
Yuk to oily for me
Nasty, I do not give my child anything I would not eat or drink and this is just nasty.
Taste really bad 
Taste Horrible! Worst pumpkin seeds i have Ever Tasted.
Product is garbage. Buy the other brand, it is better.
Product is great but not as advertised. As shipped this is a rip off.
I paid for a box of 4 and only got one! That is insane!!
This bag of candy came with mostly lemon heads.
Taste awful and bland......
Container arrived empty!
Jar was broken with product leaking out.
what a silly price!!!!!!
To much mushroom powder.
Not worth the money! The cubes are miniatures, therefore over priced.
So natural it cane with a bug in it
They rip with every use, not happy at all.
Too sweet through it out
Did not like the quality and it is apples from China. Waste of money.
Candy was dried out, not usuable
This was the worst tasting whatever you call it granola and it was dry as dust
did not like the taste of it at all
Box crushed, bars were damaged
however, the jug was empty, no cap on it, and packing paper soaked in juice. no joy..
It was all stiff and sticky. I had to throw it away.
There is no option to replace a damaged product
This tea does not have any flavor, unless you put 3 spoons of tea in your cup.
Does not taste anything like ihop's marshmallow hot cocoa.
Cookies were broken into smithereens.
These grapes did have any taste they were just yuk
I think there is more salt than flavor in this.
Could not gift because had 25% of the food was expired upon arrival
They were old and did not have any flavor.
Cans arrive extremely dented and have a chemical taste
I was not for my tastebuds almost like taffy
Save your money.  What a joke.  Would give 0 stars
Why did I only get 1 jug when it says 6 count ?? only got one out o the 6 false advertisement
It was very close to expire
I bought only to get the recipe on the back and I thought I was getting 3 bags for $8. Dollars
"ordered the dill pickle peanuts...got the salt and vinegar ones instead. ""sad trombone"""
"Awful. Watery, thin and flavorless. As the old ad said: ""Where is the beef?"""
Garbage old stale no flavor stuck together smelled like perfume in the garbage what a waste
Had to throw it away.  I will look for another seller next time.
Most of these pods exploded when brewed.  Making a mess on my counters and in the brewer.
My husband drinks it everyday and likes it very much.
It was very messy, and the sticks were hard to use.
Herbal teas are all about the falvor! This product does not have any! Not recommended at all.
Do not waste your money, folks!
No taste and not even close to the original CORN NUTS. Not as crunchy as original.
Tofu came frozen. Texture changed. It looks and tastes rubbery instead of soft.
Gross, almost paper. its possible they are edible, but nobody would want to.
This was terrible
I do not like the taste and thought they were going a bit pricey.
Love the product, but the price for same is outrageous! 
its expiring in a month. Sending a lawsuit right now.
Most of the cookies were broken.
Wrong item, credit me
Had to throw away as there was air in the package and the meat had mold and was spoiled
Smells great when you open the bag but after its brewed it tastes like weak tea
I love dried pineapple but this was inedible and had a weird smell.
Tasty but not value friendly
More like a black, rotten, version of it
This product tasted and smell moldy.
The Hirt's Gardens BOOPYAGFU Rare ZZ Zamioculas rotted within two days.
Sorry not good at all! Waste of money.
item is not what we expected
These all taste terrible. Can I get a refund without returning?
Jar showed up broken flavor is okay I have had better
Crackers were broke upon arrival, and I am unable to return/replace items.
I like this Barbecue Sauce, but it arrived broken to pieces.  I want a refund or replacement.
did not make whey. it always made very thick, slimy kefir
The Peri Peri is so hot I could not eat it.
Melon cut long before it was ripe.
Very salty .. supposed to be salt free
Not the right color. Brownish not reddish. Kalocsai should be red if it is fresh.
Cap was off and juice everywhere
This is an amazing product, but it is $3 at Walmart
Candy was all melted together in both bags would like my money back
Not happy breakfast time.
4 sticks and 1 with dying leaves.
"I wanted to use this ""shredded"" product in a recipe, but it arrived as one solid lump"
Some of the parts came broken and it was too late to reorder.
Really bitter tasting and just bad texture
Zero stars, cans all smashed. Will never order again!!!!!!
The chocolate tasted like hardened plastic.  Not good
Keep sending the products and charge me did not like the product at all
If I could give 0 stars I would. It is not 3 packs, just one. Do not buy.
20% coffee did not give good morning coffee cup!!!
They taste horrible
I would never buy this again
When these came they must have been pretty old...they were sort of stale.
Very sweet with aftertaste.  Cannot taste tea at all.
Very disappointed. Contains natural flavors. Can not return. Going in the garbage. Do not buy!
Several pieces had to be re glued.
Sugar cubes were old and stale
Had to throw all 3 boxes away! melted smashed and just gross
Never could ship without them getting melted
They had a white film on them and tasted stale. They were horrible
It is all melted. I am very disappointed.
It tastes like crap. You cannot get rid lot that flavor in your mouth
absolutely terrible!
Do not purchase at one time it was the best liquorice it awful and sticky mow
I din't recieve one flavor in this flavor pack. DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME!
Cups are so tiny cannot even use a ton of broken ones way overpriced!
A cool idea (IN THEORY)....IN REALITY HOWEVER...VERY POORLY EXECUTED......STALE AND DISGUSTING.
Do not waste you are money unless you want to break a tooth on stake candy.
This drink tasted horrible! I ended pouring the whole case out! Never again!
They were awful! An entire four pack tasted and smelled like some sort of chemical.
Too chalky.  Taste is terrible.  I would never re order
These sadly do not taste at all like buttered popcorn.
The chocolate is not creamy and there are white spots on the few that I opened.
Only 75% of the candys are filled with apple flavor. Not worth the money.
The balloons were small. The y busted as we where trying to fill it.
They are stale. They did not come in high chew original packaging.
out of the 4, one was not the same flavor. And out of the other 3, one box was opened.
Great product but seller Hardins Jacks up the prices during pandemics. Do not support.
They are NOT sugar free!! Non returnable! Would not recommend
The brown sugar came super stale / rock hard. Would not recommend.
Coffee is bitter
This candy is soooo old and tastes gross!! Had to throw the whole bag away. Total waste of money!
We only got five full cookies the rest were broken. We are very disappointed.
Would not recommend
409 dollars for 4-6 legs !!! How is this even allowed on here holy cow !!! Wow !!
The bag arrived open an all the dates are spoiled. Huge waste
If you are going to have a chip with your deli sandwich....eat a real one.
You will find the sea salt and pepper at the bottom of the can !!
Super watery and weak. Would not buy again
it was so hard and no flavor
Not tasty but if you are desperate for a keto crunch you might find them ok.
Terrible! Smells terrible.  Hungry root has a much better cashew cheddar
Arrived cracked in half..
i am a huge of chili mango but this is not even close. it is more candy. I do not really taste chili.
I bought these and they were hard and not very flavorful.  I would not get them again.
47% SALT!!!! WHAT ARE THEY TRYING TO DO? KILL YOU? THAT IS WHY THEY DO NOT SHOW THE LABEL.
Too much like A1 Steaksauce.  Thought it would be a saltier sauce.  Too sweet.
I was expecting a much prettier decoration. I sent them back.
Taste like straight up sour pickles
This came broken and unable to use. Very disappointed. Should have read the reviews!
Arrived smashed in box
When I received the candy, it was melted in the bag. Very disappointing.
Thought it would be just you Kraft original..not at all.
One can for 12 bucks!
Absolutely nasty tasting. Never again.
Really upset to see so many of them broken. Also the box was all wet and sticky. Very disappointed
The package came with missing candy and the plastic wrap open. Dissapointed with this.
Taste is terrible.
This coffee has no flavor or taste. Flat as can be, now I am stuck with 70 pods with no recourse!!
When I opened these up they were rotten really bad smell and taste
gave me wrong items.
High fructose corn syrup.
Walnuts taste like nothing. No salt.  Gross..  planters Walnuts flavor taste way better.
It was all melted & leaked in container & some leaked in the box itself.
Candy was clumped together. Was very disappointed.
Whoever describes this as a delicious berry flavor has never tasted delicious berries
Not lump. Small tasteless bits and cartridge. Do not recommend.
it is not as good as described.
Taste like plain coffee no flavor
learn how to pack a delicate product. what a waste of 20 bucks
The cookies were all crushed when received. Very dry.
Do not waste your money
Everything about this pizza was offensive. Do not buy unless you hate yourself.
It is not pepper soup powder at all!!!! What a rip off
Had no flavor! Threw away!
Did not taste like pear. Had an odd artificial flavor and an unpleasant texture.
Could not stand the taste poured it out
Both bags were expired October 2022
CORN SYRUP IS NOT GLUCOSE. REMOVE FROM AMAZON.
Not as good as you can get in a store
These are supposed to be 7.7 ounce pods but only produce 5 ounces. Will not buy again.
Please do not buy this product, I received a damage product I can even return it.
Flour had bugs in it . Plus bad service no returns or credit never order anything like that again
Cancelled the order
Very weak, no dark roast or robust strength to it at all. It is really more of a medium roast.
Not good at all, actually tasted rancid. I threw it out. Will not repurchase
Way too salty! Neither my daughter or i could finish the bag. Same with the Hot version
Not natural pieces. Appears to be made with sugar and then diced. Not a natural coconut product.
The flavor did not catch my taste buds
All I can say is gross, gross, gross!
They came and even though it said expiration in December 2019, they all taste spoiled...
Huge disappointment since this brand is usually wonderful. Ended up throwing most away.
My fingers are not string enough to squeeze open the filter holder
Tin arrived dented and not eligible for return or replacement.
Nasty, very little taste. Do not buy it you will be disappointed.
I expect a full refund to the account this order was used for payment
we need to be able to see the nutrition and ingredient section for all labels.
Each was sealed, but they all were broken
It was chunky had to toss it out. It was unusable.
Bad news on this ginger, ONE, it smells spoiled! TWO, it tastes terrible! THREE, DO NOT BUY!!!!!
Great idea if the eggs did not come all smashed.
The product was spoiled when received and stunk.
Package arrived damaged as other reviewers have noted. Gross.
Weak, flavourless, bland texture.  Do yourself a favour and order PG Tips for your everyday cuppa.
The price must be a printing error.
"A ""friend"" recommended this seasoning. The flavor is sugar, not my favorite. Threw it out."
These are dreadful. No flavor; like chewing on sand. Yuck!
Sending a DAMAGE CAN will be RETURNING IT
Not what I was led to believe I was ordering
This product contained weevils in the bag. So disappointed with Bob's Red Mill.
item arrived soaking wet cans of soda were busted , sticky never buy again
Both bags , powder from all the candy was humid.
Grosss. I am not sure how this is a 4 star product. Does not even taste like peanut butter.
I received regular stok shots, not cold brew as displayed.
Gross and greasy...
It is advertised as 1 kilo but is indeed 1 pound!
So far I have came across a few bags of stell chips. Not happy at all
Every single one in the package was expired.
The nuts are good. Bag is not even half full. I wish I read the reviews before ordering. Ridiculous!
DID NOT LIKE IT. WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. LICORICE WAS GOOD. COATING WAS NASTY.
Worst thing i ever tasted. just go to sharks
More than half of the candy canes arrived broken and returns are not allowed.
Priced at 6.10 for two cans?
They were not as good as the original Oh Henrys
All the suckers were broken !!! So upsetting
Jar would not open
Bag came torn, full of ants.
The hand broke off of the bride rendering it useless day of the wedding.
these tasted terrible and they were wet.  yuck!
11 out of 12 were good but this one should have never been shipped to us. Gross
Failed my pee test
The lid was not secure and the seal was broken on the jar. I threw it away.
Terrible taste, poor consistently. Nothing like what I purchase at the grocery store.
This product was very hard to chew. It was not what I expected!
Very dry and tasteless
Too sweet for my taste
Not fir me. Tasted old and flavorless
There were no Nestle Crunch in the bag at all!
They were smashed and melted... what a mess
Too tiny and not worth price.
Stale upon arrival...less than special taste...bad combination...and not returnable
Love this hot sauce, but the bottle we received is leaking.
Yuk. The cardboard box had more flavor
Supposed to be 6 bags and only received 1 bag.
Taste us funky. My hommade broth is better.
Cannot upload. Perhaps because I use a MacBook.
Very bitter, did not like the taste at all!  NOT RETURNABLE/REFUNDABLE!!!
Terrible...it came unsealed with lid almost off. Add on and cheap but had to throw away.
I went back to Dannon, this product is very bland.
Arrived open. I did not get to try it.
Product description said 12 bottles, I got ONE.
These were the ugliest marshmallo decorations I think
Tastes horrible and I can tolerate a lot!
The taste is horrible.
Great customer service
Unhappy. Mostly unpopular  strange flavors, all jammed into a small box. ?leftovers
Too sweet!! It is like eating candy!!
This product was supposed to be a snack for grandkids..product was not fresh, very hard
Came, but with no cinnamon sugar. That was the point of ordering these
The Description said it was 9.8 lbs but it is actually 10 oz.
The candies were stale and completely stuck to the wrapper.  Looks like I Am the lemon head this time
arrived stale,,,i will never order these again
1 sugar to 1.5 erythritol.  Uh, this pound will not go far...  Way too high priced.
It was so bad I threw it away. Never again.
Do not buy... Tastes nothing like white chocolate mocha. It;s a waste of money
These sundried tomatoes taste very strongly of preservatives. I had to throw them away!
Terrible quality. It is just paper glued to a stick and the one I ordered arrived broken in half!
Literally threw the rest away
Was out dated asked for refund
I was disappointed because every package leaked. Terrible mess.
They should produce normal quinoa. This is what it looks like after draining. Sorry... yuck.
It molded just a bit after purchasing. Expiration date says best by February 29, 2021.
Dry.  Too cooked for me
Too smalls sizes. Not like in the pictures
Bread has mold on it
This is how the avocados come. They all gone to the garbage. Amazon fresh ????  Not even close 
So thick it would barely pour. Very bitter with a horrible after taste.
I love this candy but it was packed in a large box and arrived broken beyond recognition.
I did not like anything about it.  Too sweet that it made me not feel well.
Just read above that is what this product is.......
Sketchy packaging, most likely not spring water, very expensive. Non refundable!
I like Crystal Light much better. This lemonade is not worth the price.
These are yummy....but product of China!!!! Scary to eat food from China...
This is not a lot of candy for $60. It is 4lbs of old and busted candy. Totally not worth it.
Very grainy and horrible texture.
Very Dissapointed! Taste nothing like Fortune Bubble.
This tea is very weak.  It lacks flavor.  Do not waste your money on this tea.
This bag was completely overpriced for the quality and quantity of candy. Purchase elsewhere!
Suggest you buy a hammer to eat it with
This was not good hot chocolate
Did nothing for me, only drink coffee when in need of a wake up of these did not wake me up at all
Most are all the pecans where Stail
Bad taste compared to French's.
THIS IS FAKE MILK! How many cows it take to fill 1 gallon for just 1 person...
Much too salty for me.
Arrived hot, the brown sugar was useless will be hard as a rock by the time it cools off
not the best would order again.
Horrible. Weaker than tea
The flavor was not that pleasant and It was very weak
Not one good apple in the bag.
I did not like this.  The texture was a little off for me.  I do not think Paleo is the way for me!
Was not what I thought it would be
Two out of four cans had Dents in them.
It smelled like acetone it was so weird! I threw it away
Package came broken and the plastic container inside as well as half the suckers were broken.
This product is expired. I opended and its even smels musty
The gum was very hard to chew. It broke into pieces as if it was old.
Not what is advertised and really expensive
These taste like packing material.
this was disgusting pudding, in the garbage it went.
This colors are not Neon, the colors are horribles. In the box appear neon
One bag, not 12 but one
The sticks were bent and the Birthday sign was broken.
This did not taste like cheesecake I tried to let it get room temperature when I do it melts
Was waiting on these because they are my favorite.  Came and they tasted old 
Pictures do not accurately describe.  Packets are not 57g, they are just 11g.
This is too watery.  No taste.  Get Simply Light instead.
These  product were not what I expected the taste was not very good especially the chocolate yuk
It was spoiled when it arrives.:(
It was Opened ...tea was allover
Gave my package to my next  door not happy with this
I was not paying attention the bag is tiny
They were old, and out dated.
The bags were all melted together . It was not a good sight, not usable for us.
The cups are plastic and the flavor is watery but worse they cannot be returned
packed with so much tape directly to the bottle that the bottle was so sticky it was unusable.
Crunch bars are one of the candies on the bag. Not one single Crunch bar was in there.
No a good taste. It has a chemical taste.
chicken nuggets in a wrap, there is no sauce
Received like this. Will return!
Twists were hard not soft
Came expired and cannot return. Bad business. Never again
The whole package was stale and old
coffee tastes burnt and  stale
This tastes like dried up dog food!
The coffee is great, that is why I ordered 72. I received half of that! Buyer beware!
Web states 12 boxes, I received one which I paid $35 for which  cost $3.49 in my local market.
It said this kind of honey would not crystallize, it did and it was not tasteful at all.
Candy is old and not fresh at all. The hard candy is sticky/gooey and the wrappers will not come off.
Bag was busted open
Eww!  Talk about disappointing. Bitter and dry.
It is not tart and tastes artificial like mango hichew
Came leaking and smelling awful. No return policy.
Smelled horrible!!  NO way in hell would I eat this
This flour was produced over 2 years ago and is 3 months past its expiration date
I got shorted. 11 bags. I paid 40 dollars and received 1.  3 oz bag
The chocolate had obviously been melted, was discolored and had a strange taste!!
Do not be fooled by the hype, ill never by this again the reviews are over rated.
Everyone of the was leaking not opened but you can see the liquid all over the inside
Should be shipped in with refridgeration. Sauge pack we are ballooned up and spoiled from heat.
I ordered the set of 6 boxes, but only received one. Not really worth that.
Received bread with mold! Gross! Does not even deserve one star!
No taste. Very thin. Pieces are EXTREMELY SMALL
Blah, blah and blah! Do not bother with this one. No Truffle or mushroom flavor flavor at all!!
Very oily & alot of clumps
Received two packs of 12 not two packs of 24.
PRODUCT BITTER, INEDIBLE AND AMAZON WOULE NOT EXCHAMGE OR TAKE BACK FOR A CREDIT
Two days after receiving the potatoes they became soft and were growing buds
This was very bland
They are awful and Amazon will not take them back. I will need to throw them out.
Freshness of many bags is lousy!
Bad product. Is not truffles. Smells bad 
They are so good but they literally give you like 12 WTF
Grew fine in my green house, never produced peppers
Expiration date on product was 2 weeks from when I received it. No shelf life.
I bought it for my mother.  She did not like it at all.  Cljmps.
Picture speaks a thousand words. Just open the box and its halfway full. RIP OFF!
BE CAREFUL IT HAS HIBISCUS!
all the plants turned brown and died
Although the date was okay, the item was stale and not very enjoyable.
This product was watery and tasteless even with the whole flavor packet.
What do you expect?
The chocolate mints had melted and were inedible
The bread was not fresh.
Very disappointing to find this espresso tasting like very weak coffee and not at all like espresso
The bottles came broken
Can was very dented.
Item open so I could not even try them.
Melted by the time I got it.
Funky chewiness, flavor is subtle, even the mint.
Have been a big Community coffee drinker for years can not taste the pecan very disappointed
I did not think it was worth the money!
Contains gluten. We noticed it too late. My son has celiac so this is a no gooh and no returns. 
I did not taste anything at all. Really bad.
great for making peanut pattie rounders
Some of the bottles were expired and flavor was off
Grandkids did not like them. I got a belly ache.
Bought 20 count package to use in gift bags. Only 14 in package. Missing 6
I did not like the taste at all.
So dry it is hard to swallow.., without baking not worth eating.., threw it away ..,waste of money
The bacon and egg sandwich is 720 mg of sodium!! Yikes!
Came cracked and moody
This is not pure coconut water. It is packed with sugar. 32 grams of sugar to be exact!!
Be careful, these rolls do not have any expiration date at all!!
The recipe changed and is not the same. They do not taste good at all.
Product was delivered damaged with food seeping out of package. Was late receiving.
Unfortunately, the flavor has changed.  Now the flavor of coconut is overpowering.
Just got this delivered. Rotten product. See pic. Totally disappointed
Not fresh old and very old smell and flavor is terrible
Just not good. Trying to see how they may be used. Otherwise, $18 down the drain.
What a mess. The bubble wrap was filled with the dressing. Just threw the whole thing out,
Nasty taste fell apart after cooking
Does not taste like a sencha tea at all.  Very bitter awful taste.
My buns were recalled after feeding more than half to my child.
Sorry, Not my cup of tea. . . Seems to make me sick for hrs after drinking it. . .???
Did not realize they would be spicy... :(
Love the product just came open and damaged will look to buy elsewhere
The smell is horrible and the taste and texture are unappealing
Value was good but they were stale
I dislike that these are like two months old. I brought these for nine year old son and I.
Items cap was busted and a big HUGE mess in the box.  How can I get another jar?
Expired less than 1 week of receiving both jars
Of course you can not return this poor version of a dollar store topper. Do not buy!
Box of true lemon arrived opened and packets scattered inside of shipping box!
Pretty expensive and tastes terrible
I had high hopes for this product but it tastes terrible.  Do not know why it is so expensive
Disliked the smell & taste...like the spice cumin...
Horrible. Box smashed!!!!! 49/100 are smashed and some are powder. Never buying again!!!!
Either bad product or bad batch... cannot tell which.
Fell apart after a month of light use.
I have received the item and it was expired
The item was broken and looked like something you would buy for $5.00.  Very disappointed.
Thin and watery.
Almost broke a tooth!  and they are gross! Yuck
Melted into one clump. Should have read the reviews.
The taste was not that good.  I was disappointed.  Left a weird taste
Thought I was getting more than $42 worth of drinks. 7 bottles, really? Absolute ripoff
Terrible sugar free taste. Not worth the money.
Most of these nuts were moldy I will not be ordering again
I should of read the details more and saw they were from China. Lesson learned
Very hot too hot for me
It tasted terrible it was watery
Wish I could try mine! Mine came already opened!
Broken box ..  a complete mess
Do Not care for the taste of texture
Not very good. I thought this was going to be a great hot sauce but it tastes like butt.
It a tasted good a little but overall there Nasty not worth it I will not buy it again
really disappointed
The title says it all...
High pricing! Slow on shipment - wrong pods
When I opened the package it was a opened bag of chips inside, the chips were everywhere.
Great price and product - way to long to ship
The other flavors are ok this one is terrible
Taste of the seaweed is weird. Not like other brands. Will not buy again.
Tiny little container palm sized. Way over priced!
Tastes like regular coffee!!
"These are not ""super Sour"" as it states.  It is more sweet with a weird after taste."
Item was received all crumbled up in each package.
Came broken, app will not let me start a return
Hard pass. Smells and tastes horrible.
Well before the expiry date all boxes curdled/soured. Do not buy.
Love the item but one box had been smashed and several pods broken.
"and i cannot even return or exchange the crushed to powder ""noodles"" apparently"
These are just gross
Several rhinestones are missing. Item looks awful.
Very disappointing! Toddler size with no taste!! Waste of money.
i only got 2 packages
It came today all busted in the bottom of the envelope!
Every can is dented and I would like to return every one!
All damaged but two
there is an after taste left in mouth (like saccharine).
Hated everything about it Was a gift
8 out of 10 cups ate full of grinds ?? Love this coffee , however, these are a waste .
These sodas were terrible and nearly flat.
Goes bad immediately.
The item came without any lid
This does not have a real metallic look to it it is very faint
Both bags were opened when received. Have not been able to get refund or get replaced
Very disappointed.
Not impressed at all....
I wanted boil-in-bag brown rice by uncle Ben's, Very disappointed 
Wow, if you want a giant glass of sugar water, this is maybe for you.
Moldy in the unopened package
Seal broken, honey leaked, and no option to refund!
They were out of date when received.
Wow  it is so sad how people are still trying to sell this.
It will not dissolve in the coffee and tastes absolutely terrible.
I sent these to my mom for Christmas. She said they were powdery, crumbly and too stale to eat.
I will not buy again.  The taste was awful!
It tasted terrible. Tried it on a German neighbors recommendation. Did not like it at all.
This product has no aroma, no taste, and no smell whatsoever. Avoid this product.
Did get but have to pay for do your job
Horrible tasting. Waste of my money
I buy these a lot because I love them. But this time they taste really bad. Why?
I did not like the flavor.
Zero stars for the 12pk. Every time I buy the 12pk the milk is bad.
It even close to the description, came melted and was sent regular cups not egg shaped.
Makes a very chalky liquid, do not buy.
coffee  has no taste at all. I will not buy this again. waste of $$
cookies were stale inside a mass of frosting
Much too expensive!
I bought cinnamon French toast and it tasted like stale regular coffee. Highly disappointed
6 months Expired and slimy! Looks like it is covered in crisp! Discussing!
horrible dry tasteless and non refundable
One bite, spit it out, and put all bars in the trash.  The taste and consistency is horrible.
Candy is NOT VERY GOOD and they are very soft jaw breakers. Not happy with the purchase.
Very sweet and has no taste to it aviod
The taste is awful!
It does not taste good, and it does not cook anything like wheat flour.  I was very unhappy with it!
Not a very good flavor profile
Salad dressing seal broken and of course you do not accept returns.  I and NOT a happy customer.
Received a completely empty Amazon envelope
We received top ramen and cup of noodles. One ramen did not even have a flavor. Would not recommend.
All cookies are broken. Very small amount. Very overpriced for the quantity and delivery.
This product has zero taste and can not be returned.  No stars  do not waste you are money
Nasty. Plastic taste.
I wanted the full size
Some of the candy has mold .
Very small and cheap candies. Kids were not even excited
These are not the original ones they are burnt.  You cannot even eat them.  They are awful.
This item is NOT as pictured. I received RED miso, not white and it is not returnable.
Awful old small shriveled sad...
Did not taste any garlic. Tasted more like Dijon mustard/ brown mustard combo
No rosemary flavor whatsoever and very little actual salt also.
I like these crackers, but the amount for $10 was not worth it.
Beware - Pike's Place expired 3/2020 Columbia expired 7/2020. I ordered this 8/2020.
My husband loves the coffee if we ever get it
Not good if you do not how to prepare it.
Supposed six pack shipped as a one pack. Also, does not taste good. Avoid this product.
Arrived melted, very poor chocolate taste, peanut butter tasted nothing like Reeses cups
awful taste and became nauseous after eating
Old and No Good!!!!
These mints have an unpleasant aftertaste and they are WAY too expensive even if they tasted good.
The product arrived damaged and the Pepsi packaging was destroyed so it can not be returned.
Waste of time and money!!  Did not work as vape juice.
Tastes off. Extremely runny, had to pour it.
Chips arrived crushed, packed with heavy items on top
Dissolved melted in box coveted with ants. Salvaged a few they were very good
Taste very bad. Poor quality. Buy LeSeur.
Completely shattered on arrival and unfortunately no replacement policy.
Flavor was weak,wife says
This is supposed to be a 12-pack box, and i only received 1 13 oz package  of pasta
Tasted terrible.
The candy came completely melted into one block. I had to throw it away.
Came with mold on them. Very disappointed  and could not return it
Unappealing taste. For the price, not at all worth it to me.
Not impressed. 80% Burnt chips. Will not buy again.
This 'variety pack' showed up with all of the same flavor,  cherry lime. Very disappointed
Yuck.  Nothing like a real low-sugar coffee. Tasted artificial and gross.
The taste is so fake
Too small and are all broken!
Their the worst!!!!!
Jars were not filled to the top. Approximately 1 inch was missing in each.
hardly any flavor, more water than anything..
Awful.  Bitter aftertaste.  Now I am stuck with it. Does not even taste like strawberry.
They taste old, stale... dissapointed
The product arrived on expiry date
Terrible thin cookie no coffee taste
99% Dry and rotten figs. These figs will damage your teeth.
Do not waste your money, these taste like little pieces of card board.
Like it. Will buy again.
It listed 36 rolls. Only SIX in the entire box. Plus, the box was opened. A waste.
Who would have thought? Had to toss them -- too much sodium. Ugh.
Looks like a lump of brown mush
Stale hard a Do not buy
They are great when fresh.. My last few purchases were completely molded. I stopped buying them
So bitter and taste burnt! Yuk
Horrible, expired & nasty!!!! Cannot return
Items came melted in one giant chocolate blob. Cannot even use them and cannot do a return.
All the flavor of paper & a pain to cook.
Received on 01/04/2023 and it expired on 12/28/2022. Unacceptable 
Has a  strong rancid smell
These are advertised as low carb but they are not.  Deceptive marketing.
It all taste the same
Just received. The bag was busted open:(
Does not work with my Keurig 2.0 as described.  Even with plastic piece provided does not work
These sunflower seeds were old they taste moldy they are trash
I recently order spearmint tea and the tea which arrived does not smell like spearmint.
What you get is a bag of raisins with a bit of broken nut pieces in them. Very disappointing.
It was melted and I want to return and it is not letting me. I need help.
I love this product.  But they increased the price by 50%!  Really??
Disliked this product, it was terribly dry.
way to expensive.  I just learned how to make them myself.  Price is robbery.
No milk pods included.  Just dark Colombian coffee
Melted and stale. Very disappointed.
"Came in shattered and the taste was ""off"", did not taste good."
Love the product unfortunately they expire in two weeks.
This has a nutty after taste that is not good. I do not recommend this brand of Ghee.
I ordered the smoked paprika and ended up with this!!!!  Is this the new name for smoked paprika
Arrived black and moldy
Tastes weird.  Do not buy.
Do not order! I was sent expired biscottis!
For the price you expect twice as many bars 16 x 2, but NOPE!!! Save your $$ and skip this vendor
One box cost $24.49 plus shipping. Total rip off!
This was not good.  Had a very weird flavor that I just cannot get past.
All I could taste was the artificial sugar .. there are other ways a healthy cake could be made.
Never for product
Arrived mostly broken
Meat is not good, gave to the dogs
I got it all melted. Unable to refund or replace
Product arrived look dirty and does not appear to be caused by food coloring.
After all the great reviews I read, thought I would buy it.  All I can say is I hated it.
Product received unusable. See photo. No way to return. No option for replacement.
This is how some of them arrived. Looked like someone took a bite
The item came damaged with a hole in the bag and the sweetener was spilling out.
THIS IS PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED OIL. I would give this product minus stars if I could. You be the judge.
Comletely gross and revolting and non returnable
Item was damaged. Leaked to outside of jar. Not safe to use. Does not offer replacement
Lettuce was infested with bugs. Disgusting.
Did not like it. Flavor was not what expected
This broth was spoiled and horrible smell when we opened it.
Not at all what it lappears in picture
Do not buy all you can taste is salt.
1/2 of them were moldy inside
The mango is very fiberious.  Not much meat and not sweet.
Not a bad product but not worth it.
They are hard as a brick! 
Just awful tasting product in my opinion.  I could barely finish.
the first ingredient is corn starch...
Sent after the best buy date. LAME.
they were hard and stale.
Does not taste good and does not blend well. Not returnable so ended up being a waste of money.
Do not like , over powering taste not in a good way!!
I love this popcorn.....BUT, this time I ordered it & both foil bags of popcorn were open. 
Not a lot of flavor.
there is a bad smell
This packages coffee aroma has gone.  I do not recommend this
Just did not like the flavor.
Does not taste very good or chocolaty
This was supposed to be a bundle. 2 cake mixes and 2 frostings. Recieved the cake but no frosting.
Box came smashed .  With a hole in box.  Unable to return. Disappointed I waisted money .
It was not tasty at all
I ignore this because I have no time for it,  I expect to see this prick fired.
Crushed and dusty
bottle's are hard to open and after you open them they leak when laying on there side.
This product made me very sick
Mine had a ground up roach.
This s the most disgusting monkfruit ever!!! Save your money!!!!!!
Both bottles arrived opened and leaking.
It gave me severe indigestion! I was in the bathroom too many days 
This is advertised as seeds but it was powder.
Green and took forever to become ripe
Only one box was sent. Could be my mistake but it looks like you are getting 2 boxes...
Super plain. It has zero taste.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. It tastes disgusting and I would NOT recommend it to anyone!!
A hot artificial mess!!! Do Not bother do not listen to these 5plus paid customers
This product was received broken into bits  There was chocolate out of the package
This has next to no chai taste, almost flavorless. I would not buy this again.
I was given a product months after the expiration date and it is ineligible for return
Also very hard and dried out.  Extremely small and unedible.  Would not recommend! Gross tasting.
The candy is stale. Skittles so hard they will brake your teeth.
The product was dry and not moist. Unhappy customer considering how money I spent.
do not order this the package came crushed and there is no returns on this
This had a weird aftertaste that did not go away, and it triggered my acid reflux.
Absolutely rock hard, even though the use-by date was well into next year.
I thought I was supposed to get 2 but only got 1
Easily the worst ramen I have ever had in my life.
Too many would not work in my Keurig. They were rejected.
Paid over nine dollars for one bag of popcorn. What a rippoff
I got my cookies extremely on time but when I got them they were extremely stale.
Tastes like chemicals.
They were so stale that I threw them away and got my money back.
Beene Cookies. Out of four bags, may have gotten enough whole cookies  to make one bag.
Way too salty for a kids friendly snack
DO NOT BUY! Seal was broken, possibly tampered with!!!
There are alive insects in the semolina
Ruined my salad & had to throw it out
The taste was bad. Tried it once. I will be using it as a face mask instead.
So salty i could not eat them.
Received opened box with 12 not 16 tea bags.  Tea itself is lacking aroma and taste.
Chips are stale and not edible
It was broken in half when I opened it.
This is the worst pizza I have ever tasted.
Terrible chemical taste. Do not buy!!
No returns on item. And it is a flimsy thing. Not worth the price. Do not buy
I did not want this product.
no where near the real PSL, do not bother buying this
Item arrived broken - unable TO RETURN OR REPLACE!!
They took the enhance great flavor and the extra fizz away.  Why?
What a rip off, I thought I was getting a normal size bag! This is a sham! Do not buy!
Item was completely melted together upon arrival. Not edible. Very disappointing.
Never an issue w the older metal seals but this new design leaks - not good
Every bag in the case was stale.Will never buy again.
I had high hopes from other reviews but these were not as good as I expected.
I did not like anything about this.
Thought these were the big bags - I was PRICED GOUGE!
Do not buy this.  It had lots of little bugs inside.  I had to throw out the entire bag.
Very few pears in can. The ones there are small/bland. Juice added to keep the weight.
Rip off one can of beans arrived for the cost of eight dollars and their is no return policy
Biscottu were dry & stale.  They all had the same generic taste.
Poor quality.  Product damaged and inferior.  Stay away
Not good. Broken little pieces in small bag. Not tasty.
Package was cutting! I cannot eat!!!
These will not work in Keurig 2.0.  Do not waste your money if you have a new machine.
Received a melted glob of chocolate that was disgusting. Not returnable and inedible
Chips are broken into small pieces
They should not but the word Pad Thai on this.
Product was delivered damaged. There was a tear in the bag.
Peanuts still had the skin on.  Makes product pretty bitter tasting.  Will not order again.
Super disappointed I only got the stars no hearts
The item was old and not fresh!
Can had  two big dents in it will not use the seal may be broke
I will not be getting this anymore
Great price but, horrible taste. You must drink fast so you do not get the bad taste in your mouth
The blackberry flavor is great but the cucumber is absolutely terrible. Terrible aftertaste
Package. Quality.  Everything
Good taste but I ended up with a melted blob as these were delivered inside a black mailbox.
This powder has zero wasabi zing. Has zero flavor taste as bland as flour.
Had to be discarded, and no returns allowed
Damaged item, unavailable for a refund or return. Not a happy camper.
I typed in sweet chile sauce and this came up WRONG not sweet just tastes like vinegar yuk!!!!
Great cookie, yet a deceptive ad - Very expensive for little product.  KM
Multiples of the same thing. Order package expecting a variety. Very displeased.
Has no taste at all. Very disappointing
What a complete rip-off
I bought the penne and it literally tastes like cardboard
Bring back the old recipe. The new version is terrible.
Stale and gross. Not the same as cheese nips. Not at all
flake bar ok the rest was horrible stale and nasty tasting ugggggggg
Box was in good shape but when opened the chips were all in crumbles!,,,
Not an olive oil product.
We opened this and there were bugs inside. Could not eat any.
They really deserve no stars.
The box arrived all smashed up and most of the canes were broken.
Produced in a facility with peanuts. Does not say that in the products description!
Tasted like a mix of cheap American cheese and cheese whiz. It is nasty!
I was very disappointed -- this almond flour had meal moths in it.  I will never buy again.
It tastes horrible and stays chunky horrible for cooking crunchy in a salad tastes disgusting
This tastes like poison- do NOT buy it
these were so discusting i am sorry. wasted my money
Very hard to bite and chew.
No taste, no aroma. Wasted money. DO NOT BUY!
Meat dry and tasteless
This color is not very vivid.  For a gel, I do not recommend.
What a disappointment!!!.  For that price I was expecting something better.
Received and the bag was open and the chocolate had been melted and looked terrible.
Buyer beware. You only get one can for $9.50!
One was open and the others are stale.
The boxes weighed more than content. 4-5 junior mints in a box.  Very disappointed
Like the produce but not at 10 dollars a box, should have read more carefully
Not Fresh at all! OLD!!!
This jars seal had been opened already.  This should be illegal!!!  Do not buy!
Exactly like yogurt, does not seem like cheese. I was expecting something grainy and better tasting
it is too salty, and it does not smell of  food, it is the worst in my purchasing experience.
Sorry...just not what I recall as the best tasting Blue Mountain coffee
bought for grandchildren, candy was not behind windows, lose in container. Not fun
Overt dry and hard to bite off.
No Taste, No Flavor, No Value Type 2s it still drove my sugar up
poorly packed, rotted fast
Unfortunately, it had a bitter taste.  It could be the particular jar that was  sent over.
More than half of the cans were SEVERELY DENTED!!! Very disappointed
Product is usually outstanding. These were delivered moldly
Instead of 24 pack received 4 pack.
I hope they make 3% salt contain type. So, I will order them again.
I ordered this but ended up giving it to my daughter. Very complicated directions.
Way too much vinegar in this sauce.
What can I say bread is 2weeks old upon receiving
These are so gross.
Several pods were dented and would not work.
I wanted to love these but they arrived stale.
Do not buy. It is full of oil and not that great of taste.
I was very disappointed with the fruit, tasteless! 
I received the rotini noodles instead of the veggie penne
Way too fishy. Asked for and got an instant refund.
Worst tasting soup I have ever had. Struggling to finish the pack of 8. Purchase another flavor.
Did not taste like Tso sauce.  It was way too tangy.
Did not taste like anything bags are cheap and fell apart in water. Do not buy.
Awful taste, unpleasant texture.  Did not taste like chocolate. I would never order these again.
Tasted like cardboard. Would not recommend.
Really!!! the date of best by was 2016. Terrible
Candy coating is cracked and discolored problem is hard and taste bad do not buy
These are disgusting. Nothing like I remember. GROSSSS!
I tried this several times. Each time it upset my stomach.
Tiny bucket. Thought it would be bigger.
This sounded so good but tasted so bad! Like seriously Soo disgusting
Careful before purchasing not able to Return. Cap is cracked on one of the bottles I received
Dry and broke real easily disappointed
It is surprisingly high quality for Amazon, but I only got 1 pack not 4 as advertised.
Definitely not as pictured!! Colors are not nearly as bright. And not returnable to boot!!
Tough consistency, and less licorice flavor than other brands I have tried.
Excessive price...found the same package in grocery store for $3.79..
They tasted awful so I gave them to my nephew who happily ate them.
It is taste and it is gritty
The bag was opened and i lost about a half of the product
The description says pack of 2. However, I only received 1 and the 1 I did receive was damaged.
The actual arrangement does not look similar to the picture.
Tast like SPAM, if you do not like SPAM do not buy this.
The 2 of them were only with one month expiration date and they taste rancid
They were. staleb and tasteless
No taste horrible
For the price this is a complete waste.
There was not all flavors in the 150 .
These were not good. They were stale and flavorless. Waste of money. :-(
The smell is awful. Smells rancid. Cannot use and cannot return. Waste of money.
A lot of foreign debris in the tea. Unacceptable. Will not buy again.
The cookies were tasty but came crushed into small pieces
Dislike... no flavor...packaging not appealing either
No more of this candy ever again.  It was like I ate poison.
Ummm hello.  We are missing half of the box.
The fruit had mold
Really did not taste the raspberry
Expired product and it not in good shape. Very unhappy.
Disappointed in product.
It says we were supposed to get 6 boxes of tea bags and we only got one!  Please correct this.
Smelled horribly alcohol forward.  And tasted just as bad.
Tasted bad and I was sick for three days after I ate it.
The gum was stale and hard.
These are horrible.  I would have gotten more enjoyment watching my $15 burn.
The product was open.
Covered the meat generously, no flavor at all, very disappointed!!
Do Not buy, its old and not fresh. Sad because it is a good brand.
Misleading regardless of description. 1 pack.
Tastes horribly bitter
Do not purchase . These are so tiny ! Pictures are so deceiving.  Total rip off.
NOT AS ADVERTISED... does not contain the candy listed in description and NON returnable. POS
Do not buy from KD Snacks.
All melted together. Totally unable to eat. Unacceptable. I cannot even give it one star.
Paid more for 4 buds and only got one!! Cannot return.
It is shocking how bad this is compared to every other cauliflower pizza I have tried.
I have not purchased it but will not because who the fork puts shiitake mushrooms in pho????
Rancid and unusable Disappointed with this order
$63 FOR A BOTTLE OF WATE DURING A TIME OF NEED YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!!!!!!
The cheese I received was yellow but it is white in the picture.
These are the grossest thing ever please do not buy them
The test was not what I was thinking
The syrup does not taste like white chocolate. It also does not dissolve well. I will not buy it again.
Just got these Jan 2023. They expired Oct 2022. Cannot file a claim or anything. Terrible
Received a cat humidifier instead of coffee. Account was credited. Very disappointed.
Just great tasting coffee
Alcohol is was too pronounced, barely can taste any flavor with the alcohol being so overpowering
i do not like this seems not shine nothing flour :(
I was not a fan of any of these flavors :(
There is just too much heat for me. My mouth was burning for a half an hour.
All broken! All never buy again!!!!!!
This product is awful. Did not like it.
These look nothing like the picture, packaging was terrible and they are ineligible for return.
Stuck to my teeth & was hard
omg, $12.99/bag ?, $5.99 in the stores.
Container only half full.. not good value for money..
Horrible the box came mashed I was going to return it but it is not eligible!
This stuff smells like new tire rubber and does not taste much better.  Avoid it like the plague.
realy good brand  but sams club sells them for 39.00 for the two pack
Product and jar arrived completely shattered and is unusable. I would like a refund, please.
The candy was very hard. I do not recommend.
the price very high compared  from store. size of product is smaller than price.
Cane frozen and mushie
The candy that was sent was not what is in this product description or the picture!
I needed to make chocolate covered pretzel rods and half of them was broken
It is not a good formula
These had a terrible flavor.  Way too sweet!! I will be throwing them away.
These are awful and non.returnable..wasted $20+ on a Christmas gift
Every bag I bought of these (approximately 10) is stale.
My husband did not like these. Said they were gross.
Meh. I will stick to making it from scratch.
very hard to chew no taste poor product will never buy again
Definitely NOT  the blue  colored advised i feel cheated
What was advertised was not what shipped. Different label, and old product.
Not good at all.
Product expired two months prior to order and delivery.  No return possible.
Thought it was something healthy to purchase but it was flavorless.
I cannot stand the texture after it is chewed. Yuck.
Not spicey at all
Not biscotti! Their just shortbread cookies! Do not be tricked! Terrible 
Poor quality of product. This is NOT a sour candy
Tastes horrible.
Gave me explosive diarrhea and extreme stomach upset... avoid at all costs
This product does not work
Will not buy again.
expires so quickly too!
The taste was horrible and it took a whole bottle to still not accomplish the color. Disappointed
Looks nothing at all as advertised.
I did not like these Raspberry Chips they taste like play Doug the texture is like wax.
Would have been delicious had they not been smushed and moldy upon arrival
Not worth the $11
Already out of date when shipped
Not at all like front of package. Thin and dry.
Says 2 jars, only sent one.
The flavor was an odd combination of bitter and watery, just not for me.
Felt embarrassed having gifted this to someone . Recipient received rotten fruit.
Not good. Not a treat. Good texture, filling off, not sweet, not yummy, not nutella like.
I received lavender, not rose. Cannot use or return.
All of the spice mix is clumped together in the bottom of each pouch
Its like stale siberian prison camp chocolate
All of these candies were stale! Do not buy! If I could give this product zero stars I would.
Absolutely none of that horseradish heat. Very bland
The chocolate came in a fashion that was not edible nor did it look like a bunny.
came as a melted clump
This product came melted and tastless.
No flavor; not oniony tasting err-enough  ..,.. I will stick to my brand. But, thank you for trying.
Bad odor, bitter. Picture provided.
Did not taste good at all! We had to throw it away!  now we are stuck with 3 more packs!
Rip off. Sprouts sells one of these bottles for $4. Was expecting the big bottles
Old bottle...Expires in less than 3 months! The taste seems a bit off as well.
48 k cups at Walmart is $15.00. This is a rip off!!! I love this coffee by the way
Just. Do not. Do. It.
Have used Yogi Ginger Tea for may years. I need 2 tea bag of this tea to equal 1 of Yogi!
Half of the cans in my order were majorly dented.
Not worth it at all.
This is stale, old, crumbly, flavorless.
Dry, gross, caused stomach upset. Contained sugar, not zero carb.
The product was stale and smelled badly
Horrible. Just horrible.
Came broken with sugar all over package and not returnable
Do not order these because it a waste of money and time
These were not fresh be dry hard and nasty tasting.
Arrived in April but had already expired in March
Do not buy it damage but cannot return
Disgustingly sweet all sugar no flavor
Five of the cans came in badly dented
when pankage opened little black bugs
i purchased a variety 12-pack. i received a 3-pack. Amazon says it is non refundable...:(
The salt shaker broke the very first time i used it and i cannot return it!
The glass container arrived broken.
Waste of money. Bad idea.
"We received regular coffee and not  ""Decaf"" coffee"
Tastes like soap and you cannot get the taste out of your mouth fast enough.  Just gross.
Great tasting crackers - came all smashed to pieces.
Good but ridiculously tiny package....so NOT worth he price at all!
Its not fresh and its so hard that it will damage your teeth. I had to throw it away.
Great product BUT 2 of the 5 items I ordered were the wrong flavor
This Decaf Pumpkin Tea was horrible. Had horrible smell like vomit. Tea had no taste at all.
As I stated before the expiration date was 5 days from receiving the product and it was stale
First time I bought these they were fresh and fantastic. Second time awful, smelled like B.O.
is not from spain is mixed different countries
Bag came open and very wrinkled ---as handled a lot. Returns not accepted 
Brokens wafers, and not 25 rolls.
I received the broken item, very sad because of that, I can not use it like that
Arrived in my mail melted and in a blob. Tasted good but disappointed.
Costco has a better price and the flavor is better
The bag of ancho peppers are tasteless and have no heat to them.
Very expensive, not fresh, no return. Very bad shopping experience.
Product arrived on July 6th 2021, but had expired on June 15th 2021.
Came with disgusting sticky red substance on packaging.....I do not want to consume this.
I do not have the machine
Was expecting a coffee taste
Again the package was missing 11 items! This is so bothersome because where do I get help on this
Did not like the mushy texture in my mouth. I hate that is was so awful. I love oatmeal.
Expired 18 months past expiration date and arrived damaged. Was a birthday gift.
All of the cones in the package were stale
I love key lime pie, so I tried it. It tasted like a chemical key lime, and too sweet.
Did not like the freshness as delivered.
Dry, rough texture, yet impossible to separate without tearing apart. An insult to tortillas.
Worst pouring mechanism in the world!
If i can give it no star, I will. The bunch I received this morning is nothing to write home about
These are 99 gram (3.535 oz.) each!  REALLY SMALL servings!  Highly overpriced product!
Very bland in my opinion. The last thing to go on a trip.
Packaging not as shown in picture
everything, would not recomment this brand.
I received the product ( casings) and the bag was open. Need a refund.
Could not use because sodas were flat.
The first time I bought this shake it was ok, the second it came thick and clearly spoiled.
I was very acidic and horrible  tasting  and not prope riped on the inside.
Freshness seal is broken and open. And packaging was dusty
Coffee expired 4 months ago. Received it today
Top fell off first use
Delicious olives.
Received jerky instead of sticks.
BE AWARE THAT THIS BOX HAS 4 items priced at $6 each. Terrible value for money!
It was not nothing like it was when I was a little girl, not tasted at all
Less than 1 star, Taste disgusting and it is not spicy at all ! Will never buy again,
unexpected/disquality
This product was not honey.  White in color, looked like corn syrup.
Every lollipop was broken!  And there is no return policy.
They came app cracked and broken
Used to be 5 star then they changed the recipe, this product is horrible.
product looks old
Size of Fuji bottles was not size requested
Would not recommend if you are looking for a corndog
No flavor to the coffee
It is bitter to me, I do not like it at all. I love the Columbian Mccafe though.
These are awful.
I followed instructions and still tore badly...
Wish I could give zero stars!! Seriously this is what I got and it is broken... what a joke!!
Safety seal came broken
Order came in seal was open only half full seams like product was used. Not happy.
all the muffins were moldy when they arrived
They were old hard inedible ended up throwing whole box out
the apple was sour and cost $20 to travel across country
Weird taste.  Not really cinnamon. Yuck
These would probably be delicious fr someone without dentures.
THIS IS A GARBAGE ICING! VERY THICK!
For an unflavored protein this makes my smoothies taste terrible. I literally could not stomach it.
They are stale and they smell bad. Not edible.
I bought it to put in popcorn! and I did not like!
It was more of a mustard color than green and tasted bad.
Clumpy, grainy, non returnable so just threw it out...
I would not buy again,  after z couple day been open,  turns like a rock , do not waist your money.
It is nothing close to a real gazpacho.  The flavor is not bad, but it is too spicy
I bought this and dumped it down the kitchen drain.
Too much for tasteless pancake mix
some were good, others had big globs of moldy looking gunk in them. Threw them away
There are 2 cracks in a box,
This product was outdated
The hot chocolate tastes awful and smell awful. Do not buy!!!
nasty stuff for food
It did not take it should, because it was old.
Only received one box and paid for 6.
I will be returning they are melted
It is clumpy and has an after taste. No no no
Used it for coffee and tasted like oil instead of creamer with very little cinnamon tase
these are leaking milk all over the box and its bad ,
Very stale. Will not buy again
This coffee has no flavor, very disappointing.
Poor quality check on these. No cookies in 2 out of six packages
Just not how I remembered Austrailian brand licorice, the taste was weak?
Not as advertised
The cake just tasted stale and was not good at all.
Not fresh at all. Very hard to chew.
IT WAS TERRIBLE I would give it a 0 but I cannot so I gave it a one
This is represented as a Keto product and it is NOT.
TO RECEIVE THIS FOR $9 IS a JOKE  BUYER BEWARE DO NOT BUY
do not purchase these. they were moldy
This package literally arrived empty.
Completely disgusting. Mush
This is not real, pure Mexican vanilla. It is watered down and weak. Do not be fooled.
Faded, bad coloring. Cheap paper.
Got an empty box.
It came all lumped together because it was melted at some point
Not at all like the picture shows. Thank god it was not a gift!
Way too much coating of the flavoring and crumbs
Water gave me a sore throat
yuck. I am one of the few people on the planet who hates coconut water. I give up trying it.
Literally tastes like coffee dishwater.
Very very sweet even when I add water it tastes like pure toxic sugar even when it is sugar free.
BUTT TASTED GREAT
No review.  Product not purchased.  Please remove snag.
So gross and rock hard
The flavor was not there
I do not like the taste! I literally threw up. It is fine if you like black liquorish
Unauthentic flavor
This was not twenty grams. It weighed one and one half grams
Alot of the products came expired  would not recommend and would not buy again
Super Stale!  Not what I expected at all.  and very salty.
Did not work at all! Worse purchase ever! I want my money back.
One can cost $14.95 . The web site is crooked.
It tasted terrible. If you like cough syrup, then this is perfect for you.
1/3 of the packets contained nothing!!
All 12 cans arrived dented and damaged. Poor packaging and the box was opened upon arrival
Love the product but cannot enjoy it because the item is broken
This gingerbread is not very good.  Unfortunately, I cannot recommend it!
No flavor, too expensive, not worth it.
I only received 4 containers of rice. The description stated 6 containers. Am i being ripped off?
I wish I could say these are good but they are not, but someone will like them.
Cashews were stale and inedible.  Could not return
My itiem cam cracked and was leaking.
Only got 1/2 my order. It seams like no one cared. I still have not received my other box
Cheap product. Breaks easily.
Package was open
Each slice has 5g of added sugar.
there are literally 8 mini snickers in this bag and you pay almost $8 !?!? huge ripoff, do not buy.
If I could give zero stars.. I would   Does not melt
Trying to quit chewing tobacco. This stuff will not work. Very disappointed.
Nothing like what I expected.
Not even close, make it from fresh.
There is very little spray in can.
BLEAH! NOT TASTY AT ALL.
These defective K cups do not flow. The grounds back flush out out the top and make huge mess.
Almost all of the toast pieces were broken, most beyond any use.
They were hard as a rock. I would never order from this seller again.  I will repot them to Amazon
Half the ice pops were broken. Sticky mess!!! And I cannot return them. Never buying again!
I could not unpack them as they where melted and fused together with the paper
the candy was stale and with a bad taste. Can i send it back it s no good
Did not like the flavors or the texture.
All of the doors are open and the chocolate is really old and stale.  Bummer.
Container was broken  it looks like someone took some out of it . Very disappointed
These are fresh but the turkey stick bothered my stomach.
That is not what I got!
Item was shipped with mold on it
Packaging is about the best thing about this product. It is disgusting and it makes me too jittery.
They arrived dried up
Candy tastes stale.
Soybeans are grown in YOU.S.A.? Why does label information indicate otherwise? No stars.
Brought by mistake
This is the first time I ever received fresh fruit that is rotten and has molded.
They were busted up. Not a single whole pretzel
No flavor.  Not worth it.
I like cumin, but it really does not work in this hummus. Please go back to original recipe.
The cashews absoberd the plastic odor from the bag. Or they were dipped in plastic.
Has a strong chemical aftertaste. I do not even taste any cinnamon.
Ordered two items but received only one schocolate box
No coffee flavor. Bland. Just does not taste good.
An odd aftertaste and no one would eat more than one.
These were very poor quality  Some over roasted. I will not order these again.
do not  buy! its unable to be returned buyer beware
Arrived with bugs and smelled like smoke better off ordering from Home Depot.
Awful smell and taste
The bar tasted stale and old,  I am glad I order the sample, so I am not stuck with a whole box.
All smashed. Why would they be in a poly bag!?
This item was delivered melted unable to eat any. It was also crushed
after reading safely precautions, I decided not to use product.
Came all crushed; apparently non-refundable, waste of money!
They were stale upon arrival. Very disappointed.
Artificially flavored. Tastes horrible. Amazon will not accept returns on this
Product packaging broken upon arrival. Good product, however shipping could have been better.
They are so small !!!
spicy not the same as origininal grey poupon
Do not not buy bad old product defective pods and no flavor even on strong setting
the candy coating is way too thick
Not fresh and way to firm. Not returnable. Garbage.
My kids did not like this frozen meal. I would not rebuy this product
Both bottles are empty. The product leaked inside the box!
There is no flavor. Perhaps a bad batch? Would like a return or exchange.
The package inside box came with the Combos package open and damaged/non returnable
Would not buy again, it tasted old and leaves an aftertaste that is not desirable.
Horrible arrived old stale and chocolate was chalked out not edible very disappointed
You might as well eat a handful of dirt. Save your money
No Jasmine scent, hence no flavor.
This item cannot be returned or replaced
Stick to regular oatmeal!
Cookies are STALE!  Very disappointed in the freshness.
These do not taste like mangos, they are nasty tasting.
I love perrier water. Not in a can. It changes the taste quite drastically.
Bottle leaked all over package and now will not replace item.
Always liked this brand but this was horrible.
All but 1 chocolate egg was broken
Light light chocolate stick together & old
These veggies have a weird smell and taste, even after adding seasonings.
Bought 2 of these and 7 cans were severely dented
No flavor and beyond gross.
Tastes like wonder bread. Nothing like the real thing.
Sold me candy that was over 5 months expired! Buyer beware
I ordered the popthree divided popcorn
Thought there were 4 in a pack... only one. Not worth $12.00.
This is a scam. Overpriced junk.
Product was received damaged, seal was broken and moisture had gotten into the rub. It is unusable.
This product  was not very good. When it came to making cocktails. Taste  funny..
Truly one of the worst tasting coffee I have had.
They appeared very old. The colors were faded, they looked like they had melted or something
Received my purchase and the cans had bursted open.
You can get these in 12 oz at Wal-Mart for the same price for 24 cans.
Owed 5 boxes of crackers
Certainly no watermelon flavor
2 heavy cans inside a big box with a little paper. Ridiculously inadequate!
The size is very small. It can fit in the palm of your hand.
I have not received this order placed on Dec 7th though tracking number said it was delivered.
Open and half dead gotva refund
Taste was over powering.
My package was open and nothing in it. Was just wondering what to do
not a fan of the wasabi
I bout May  14, 2022. It expired last February it was packaged in 2017!!!!!
Arrived with a hole in it. Unable to return.
The chips were all stale when they arrived. Not worth the money!
I thought I was buying a leg a lamb But wht I got was a shank I was not happy
Bitter and does not taste like quality
Beautiful bottle but not great product.
Old, stale and too hard to chew. I threw them in the garbage. Will never order frm you again.
I purchased this item in August 2019 and received standard flaxseed- not organic.
Biscotti was in small pieces. Will not buy again.
Tasted grainy and a bit like cardboard. Would not recommend!
It mixes terribly, taste very grainy and made me throw up. Not worth it at all!
The seal was opened and half full!!
Tough as leather and tastes just as bad!!
These were waxy and anything but rich! I would not recommend them at all!
Did not taste great. Cute coins for decor though.
The coconut taste did not leave the food it was prepared with.  Sadly, I do not recommend this.
You only receive one single bottle. Not a 6 pack
This was dirty and full of little bugs I threw it  away
I can use is broken bottle  bad
Pods showed up broken and unusable, with no ability to return or be refunded.
Hard as a rock - got a refund
Damaged , Not should of been mixed in same box as my order of home paint
These dates were so dry, and I only used them for baking! Even my food processor could not chop them
Does not work. Smells strong at first but it goes away after a day or two.
Misleading advertising for what you get. Overpriced
The product was received moldy
I was so excited to try this tea only to be MAJORLY disappointed. Taste is not as expected.
Candy cut roof of my mouth
Candy seem to be old and hard
Poor quality crumbly very difficult to dip with.
terribly stale, three-month-old beans; do not recommend at all..
It is colored sugarno flavor at all!
Not my fav very waxy.
I am beyond disgusted. The entire box of chips were expired.
Package came with coffee spilled all over. No returns allowed
This is awful! Do not waste your money.
Complete rip off - I found it elsewhere for less than half the price.
They expire in less than two weeks from delivery.
The entire bag was broken into crumbs!!
Only less than 2weeks before expired....
The flavour tea is disgusting. It does not taste good. I cannot recommend
The expiration date was six months bottles from the store have at least two years
This is the second order in a row that I received an order that has been expired for over a year.
The container was not sealed and they seem wet. Not happy that I cannot get my money back.
Very little chocolate taste. Very disappointing item.
The entire case came smashed. 8 packs were broken and all over the box.
No taste, flat, and awful
I usually like these but these seem very stale and not that good.
Seriously bummed. Completely crumbled and not buildable.
Not worth the money
The candies are hard and dry. Very disappointed. Threw them out...
The cookies were all broken was so disappointed.
Ordered on 3/11/20. Use by date? 4/21/20. Thanks a lot.
Was expired flavor was not appealing
Received product, product was expired so I threw it out
Totally hated it to only and very little if any taste
I love the uptime energy, not blueberry pomegranate flavor. Blood orange is my to go flavor.
I have ordered this product a few times. I ordered the 4 pack and paid $20 and only received one.
I should have scrolled down for the reviews
The flavor taste almost the same just stale should have returned it.
1.5 month away from expiration date.
Comolete rip off, false advertising. Folders is stringer than this coffee.
Worst after taste I have ever experienced
Yuck! All flavors had a nasty aftertaste. I will not be buying again...
never will buy this again went bad before done growing a cycle a waste of money
I threw it straight in the trash along with what I was making it for
Extremely small amount for price paid. I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing
Not mocha coffee. More like bland chocolate. Incorrectly labeled I AM GOING TO. Very disappointing.
the product was not very good.
The taste of this is pretty bad.
Love this coffee.
Not worth the money, does not even taste like cinnamon.
Very disappointed not all bags of chips were there.
Words cannot explain how bad this is.  Very fake taste, not like the non-diet versions.
I love these and buy them at Christmas.  These taste old and chewy.  Not frsh and flavourful.
Waste of money!!! They tast horrible
Does not dissolve even when boiled, leaves a gritty sandy texture, does not taste sweet at all.
Tastes awful. DO NOT BUY
First and last time getting this...
half of the cups would not filter through the Keruig coffee dispenser
Unusable and unable to return
This arrived and it was mush!!  Absolutely disappointing!  Will never purchase again.
Just open the first jar and it was bad. I opened the rest and all bad.  I cannot be the only one
Not what expected. Tasted horrible 
All six cans were received in damaged conditions with multiple dents
Stale, will not buy again
The candies were smash and melted by the time them got here
I would not recommend this product for ceivche, and it has a bitter flavor
I did not like anion the box
Thought it would taste like cotton candy but instead it tasted like kettle corn
I tried cooking it with equal amount of water and one with more water. It cooks hard and not tasty
The bag was the size I wanted, but the wrappers were all stuck to the suckered so they were trash!
There were supposed to be 6 packets . I received only one packet. 5 are missing .
I love Lillys, but this flavor was not great
Package was opened and retaped, box size the smallest I have seen.
Loved the lollipops, did not care for the caramels at all.
Tastes terrible!
Would not work in newer Keurig brewer and I could not return them.. beware
Dry, no flavor cookies. Usually have good luck with this brand, but these are terrible.
I personally did not like The flavor or how it cooks
Had to throw out half the cups because they kept clogging my Keurig.  Very disappointing.
Got the Ranch seasoning.
ridiculous price for an item that is slightly larger than a 2 liter bottle of soda!  do not buy!
These are awful!! Card board tastes better!!
All the candy was crushed and broken up inside each wrapper.
Taste horrible, not worth the $ waist time and money, no gifts like, but nice packaging.
Did not come with a lid and the can was crushed
Product was returned.
These were all gray and rotten looking. I bought several bags so very disappointing.
Broken bag. Could not return it. Wasted money.
Stale, hard and not edible. I threw them out because they are not returnable.
Wish I would have known it came in a cheap a** bag. No truth in advertising, so, buyer beware
Every pack I opened the cookies were broken.  Very disappointing.
Total rip off - just paid over $11.00 for 1 container of dried beans -
Only got 2 pieces not 4
Need coffee flavor if I buy coffee candy....this is weak.
Planned using for daycare and product was out of date!!!
Extremely over priced
The sauce goes terrible with seafood or any food!! Would never buy again
Do not waste your money!!!  This is a waste of money and time!!!
Tasted nothing like treacle
My case arrived quickly. However only had 22 inside.  So yeah.. #mathishard
Package was filthy!
I am disappointed. Very weak, mostly water runs through this pods, barely any coffee :(
SO STALE could not even eat them.. 
These literally taste like salty baking soda water.
Not a medium roast.  Brews very bitter.  disappointing.  Beans are a Dark roast.
I did not care for these at all. Taste like hot dogs.
Product arrived damaged - bottle cap has broken off and the syrup spilled all over the packaging.
Nothing to recommend this.
The flavors are clouded by a strong peppermint raste
Bad taste and aftertaste. It is not good at all.
Not quality. Smaller than pictured.
Taste nasty does not taste like real cotton candy
I was so excited to try this and it taste like cardboard
The bag does not consist of 2 lbs of candy.  Nor does it have all the candy advertised.
5 month shelf life
Package came crushed and 70% were opened while all were crushed. No way to get a return either.
The taste is weak and stale, I was disappointed with this brand.
I received the wrong tea!  I got ginger tea not lemon ginger.
The product was old and the dark chocolate was all white. Terrible
coconut is spoiled
The box arrived crushed. I believe I should be able to get a credit
All the cans were dented.
Says 6, I got one.
Received these on 7/28/2020. Problem is the expiration date on each packet says 7/21/2020.
This had awful taste. I threw it away. NO REFUNDS.
This is sickening and certainly Lotus Foods would not approve of this price gouging.
It was disgusting
Cookies were broken and mushy by the time they arrived.
Dry when I got it; froze it to toast - still dry.
None of the seeds grew. Waste of money.
gummy and no taste, very disappointing.
Used these for homemade chili and just did not taste fresh and the quantity was so small.
Shold be called potato stew
Mine were very hard, it had an expiration date of April 2021.
They were melted together. Beware.
None of the pods worked!! Total waste of my money.  The would not puncture.
This seems to be a new formula and has a weird after taste that is reminiscent of diet drinks.
Only received 1 container , plus my aluminum pans.  Description says 2 pack.
Too much corn to be a Granola
Like lemon juice and water.
Rip off!!! 6 cans for $28
Hard to choke it down
The product arrived all melted together into a solid block of Cacao Butter and unusable.
Also no return/exchange available. Had to toss them and cancel any future orders.
Thia stuff is nasty qill never use it again.
This package was open at arrival and I cannot return it!
Very bitter for something which has cane sugar as its main ingredient.
They arrived very hard, could not eat it
Bought these they arrive late and the bag was open and it had a bad expiration date
Stale and OLD. That should be enough
The candy had brown spots on it and was stale!!!  I would like to be reimburse for this item.
I did not open this package because the plastic container is in tiny pieces
These were not good.  Not gingery enough!
Thick and pasty jam, difficult to eat.
Tastes nothing like tiramisu, and has a horrible aftertaste. I definitely do not recommend this
Do not buy this. It tastes terrible. Contacted seller have heard nothing after 2 weeks.
Does not mix well with coffee or tea.  Big flakes of oats and very thin.
Big gash ripped in front of bag.  Lots of meal fallen out into packing box. Asking to return.
Way too spicy the actual taste of the peach is not there
Do not buy from these people 2.00 candy for 11.00 that is a crime!
The product was infested with moths. Opened both the packs, the result was same.
Did not like the flavor. It had a weird twang to me.
This stuff tastes terrible. Do not waste your money because you cannot get your money back
It kept ripping and we could not even put it on the cake
Half onion or full onion was rotten and smells so bad, very bad red onion purchase.
Super disappointed. They were stale.
Did not like the taste at all.
Only used one packet so far, yeast was dead and bread did not rise.
Not enough for the money
Terrible tasting, even with the recommended hot milk
Looks like a great product until you vanillin in it.
Came with a bottle of season broke, and there is no option to replace
I made a mistake because too much comes out and I ruined my food.
"Beware maltodextrin. Not a ""true lemon""."
They smell so bad! They came fast but I definitely have to toss them away!
Awful. Tast fake. Poor quality. Unfortunately I cannot return item
Item was open upon receipt. Furthermore item not eligible for return!
Product is dark brown. Hard and or old.  Shake and sounds like small rocks.
Feels very greasy and tastes bland. Expensive for the quality.
I received my order on the 13th and they expired on the 17th they did not taste good at all
All packs were broken
Do not care for them.
they were very old almonds..
One of the cans had a big dent
I had one bite and no more.
The taste is a little off.
This is how it came opened and leaking
The taste is strange, it is lumpy, and it is repulsive.  Never Again!
Yeast arrived open and spilled all over packaging.
No returns! So dumb and bad description
The poptarts were far from fresh. I would not recommend to anyone.
They are teeny tiny. Very teeny tiny. About the size of two m & ms.
It was not 180 pieces
1.Taste terribe 2. Product of PRC!!!!!!( CHINA!) 3.You cannot return it Never again.
Hair took away any good qualities.
Almost all Of the bars were hard as rocks. Had to throw them away
One of the bags has a lot of moisture in it. Could not find a way to return or replace the bad bag.
Every single cracker was shattered into several pieces, had to throw away, useless.
These are not nice.
Delivered in an large envelope and crackers were only crumbs.
Very expensive not worth the money
These are so greasy and are hard like they have been overcooked. Not good at all!
Ketchup is clearly OLD and. Smells. Would not recommend!!!!
package was slightly leaking. I had purple on my fingers and I did not break of the cap yet.
They throw in a few pieces of candy that is advertised. The rest is junk. Do not waste your money.
The description says PACK OF 6, and there is only one bag of coffee.
Taste like vanillathere no hint of pumpkin spice in it!!!!
Smelled of spices, overall just bad
Product melted into a mess
The picture on Amazon has usda organic. when I received the cashews it does not say organic.
taste bland no flavor. i will not buy it again
This is just one color. The set in the picture is deceiving, this is just one color not 6!
These all came broken or had broken off the sticks. They are garbage
Way overpriced. Assumed it was a 24 pack for the price. Nope. 9 cans. Whoops 
Quality, quantity and high price
They must nor br ther right ones they do not melt in mouth
Very little chicken. Very disappointing.
Chemical taste. Inedible.
Nasty does not have that same good childhood favor
Tge bottle was open I couldbt even use this I would not buy this again
This coffee taste terrible!! There is such a bad chemical taste. Do not waste your money!!
There were only 46 packages.  Not 48 as promised.
Total carbs are 23!!!!!! Let serving.
Nuts were all melted when they arrived. Did not even get a chance to enjoy them.
It came in one big lump of stuck togetherness that we had to break pieces off.
When I received product they expire in Jan 2017 and I ordered product in June.
Delivered this week and expired last February. Not available for return
Horribly sweet something must be wrong with this
the pickles  have unnatural pigment
Tiny container. Will not order again 1 serving size.  Was not clearly advertised as such. 8.25 oz
this whole thing tasted like plastic. Do not buy, I had to toss it out and you cannot return it
Products expire in 30 days!! They are obviously getting rid of old products. Ridiculous!!
Taste horrible , taste  very bad .
The Icee machine is really cool and we love it. These syrups, however, are gross. Do not buy these.
Typically my amazon fresh arrives fresh.  The cilantro arrived dead and partially rotten
Three cans damage
Tastes good but much, much too high in potassium. I had to give it away.
Instead of 30 oz you will get 10 oz of cocoa
Horrid!  Pass on this product!  Nasty dough, lack of cheese..l just disgusting.
I would not recommend them
Not good for bath bombs!!
Not even close to Heinz Pork Gravy!  Yuck!
I threw both loaves away.  It was that bad.
Made in China. Made family sick
These were not at all what I expected.  They were gross
Dry. Crumbly. Tasteless.
So expensive and the orange juice taste disgusting
serious deformation
Beets arrived were very small, and dry
I only received 1 stick not 12!!
4lb bag that cannot be returned and NO Root Beer taste!
The date on my bottle says 07/03/18...expired!
Solidified in fridge.
Do not buy avoid..dry and small.. Whoopies are moist and creamy... Crumbly and old
My carrots were bad when they arrived. They got tossed directly in the trash
This does not taste like movie popcorn butter. It is gross
All the rice I ordered split open in the box.
Price was reasonable at 12.75 to jump to 17.83 is outrageous! Lost this sale!
My order bottler was broker ,need to be replace
Not very good. I have tried it 3 times and cannot seem to like it at all.
Package was smaller than indicated in the description.
This coffee was disgusting. Strong artificial taste and aftertaste. Seriously, do not buy it.
Only received half of advertised amount.
Only 5 out of 6 bottles arrived and there was juice loose inside packing which looked repacked.
$25 for a box of cereal you cannot return! FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD!!!
These bars are really really small!  Do not waste your money on the tiny bars.
Tasted terrible, do not waste your money
very bad products, will not recommend to nobody.
This product once in a while you had A peanut with some hotness, total waste of my money!!!
product was leaking and no return allowed
Not natural as all too much sugar
They were all rotten within a day there was no flesh 
Came spoiled, will never order again!!!
IT WAS VERY HARD  .  THOUGH  IT WOULD EASY TO CHEW  .  IT WAS HORRIBLE.
Candy is old hard tastes Bad
Smell is good. My only concern is that it was a open bottle.
I love think thin bars, but the bars were stale.
When I popped this , there were little black specks, I was afraid to eat. What is this ?
Does not live up to the pictures posted for reference. Super disappointed!!!
terrible coffee, even 3 capsules, will not replace 1 capsule of nespresso
Just did not have much  Broccoli in it , and not best tasting!
Does not look like the picture it is ground up powder horrible
The rocks did not pop. Gross
Horrible taste, I am going back to sweet leaf
I received a smaller bag than the one i was charged. Return not accepted.
Did not like the fact that you cannot eat them
The chocolates fell to the bottom of the package. They tasted great but did not work as advertised
I ordered the above as shown but I received the regular fruitcake instead
Seals were open. I really want to return and refund. I highly recommend not to order this.
Mustard was opened and leaking in many of the jars
Not a bad product, just the taste is horrible.
It says right on the bag that it causes cancer!!!!!!!  So I threw it out!
Arrived on 10/14/19 with an expiration date of 12/9/19.
Product was Stale If picked up the pod rattled because the coffee was dried out
Poor quality. Only worked once then quit.
No flavor at all just a sweetener
There was only one box,instead of 3
Oof so bad. Had to throw the entire thing away.
I love Starbucks coffee but hated the taste of this. It went to the trash after a couple tries.
Tea is good but the package was destroyed I got 6 out of the 12 that was not busted.
Not sure how the product taste but as you can see, the item did not make it in one piece.
Would not recommend. Cardboard would have more taste and the complete order did not arrive.
2nd request of refund or replacement
Too much salt is added
No flavor for the money, non returnable also
It is a great idea but I do not see any benefits from it I will not be buying them again
Would not give this as a gift to anyone taste nasty !
Melted and no way to return!
The envelope that the cardamom was shipped in showed up empty
Everything arrived open and spilled
They could not be returned so we had to throw them away.  Do not buy!!!!
The package came ripped open on the side.
Mold was present throughout the bag, fruit was soft and spoiled
The item arrived expired, did not get to try it.
Bag arrived open with 3 packets missing
25%less surgery. Taste bad
Nasty. I want my money back
Left a way too sour taste for me, I would not try it again or recommend it.
not a single seed grew.
Too salty for my taste
The cups were spoiled.
These were horrible! They were not smoked nor barbequed. They had a very old taste.
Rip Off Description says 12cans but only received one
Tasted horrible!!!
These cups make my Keurig spew molten hot coffee grounds on to the floor.  Do not recommend.
Could not eat they were melted together in a ball
Not worth My Money
This does not work in the keurig. It clogs the machine and the top cannot be punctured. Do not buy
Not the same in the picture. Very small carrots, just like the baby carrot ones
Awful taste.  Bought assorted flavors.
Arrived wet inside the bag and opened
Two bites?! No way. These only take one bite! What a rip off.
All stuck together when they arrived. Could have been the shipping. Taste was ok.
I had to trash it in two days.
These buns were hard
I have never tried any drink that was so bad. I regret the purchase.
Citric acid is made from lab-produced mold. I decided to stop using it after learning that.
Only received one pkg of 12
You cannot return this and it is deceptively labeled. Do not buy if you want birch.
Poor quality. Got scratchy throat every time I used this oil for cooking.
Terrible flavor.. Came all melted into one glob.. DO not buy.. its trash
JARS ARE LEAKING MAYONNAISE AND THE RETURN POLICY IS: NO RETURNS OR REFUNDS
A lot of money for not very much.
was a gift could not use
I ordered 2 boxes to bring to work and both expired September 13,2019 they were inedible
I wanted to use this to make fufu but it did not work
Threw in trash. Totally smashed. No return.  Wasted money!
Nasty stuff! Waste of money!
I was expecting more than one drink.  This one has more crinkles than I can count.
Very small amount of noodles!!! Too salty and noodles take a long time to get soft!!!
Only 76 pieces. So disappointing
Did not like the coconut with the almonds
Got it when substituting for tofu. Seems spoiled easily with black part. Does not smell good.
Did not like the watery flavor
For the price I was hopping much better taste. From 1 to 10 I give 2 on this one.
They had a horrible chemical smell and taste. I was told I was not able to return them.
Very disappointed that these so called healthy vegetable chips use canola oil.
Cheap cutout on a toothpick.  Not worth the money.
The flavor is great, but the pump was shipped to me incomplete. It does not reach the bottom!
Most disgusting coffee I have ever tasted. Makes free hotel coffee taste great.
Terrible! Came in a Christmas package. Not at all fresh. Not supposed to be CRUNCHY!
they do not tasted good  not your regular jordan almond coating
My son said these have a weird flavor, and we eat all organic.
This is a rip off the plant was tiny.
Skip this it honestly tastes like stinky feet. I gagged when I tasted it. Skip!!!
I receive a case of pop tarts that expire in 3 weeks?!?!?  Horrible
They were not that good!
Awful. No taste. Do not waste your money on this one.
The jar leaked and I never got to use the moldy peppers
About a year past expiration. Sent back for refund.
awful candy and was so terrible I refused to hand it out
Tasted completely stale. Very disappointing. Sell by date was 5+ months ago.
Not beautiful at all! A lot of dry confetti
it was not fresh stale old candy
These came melted all in one big ball. It was pretty gross and to hard to use.
Each package was past the expiration date.
Made a mess at the nespresso It is not original and does not fit adequately
Nothing like the picture.
Not fresh and terrible taste, I would like a refund.
If you are looking for flavor or good taste, I would skip this purchase.
Do NOT BUY THIS!!!
Too sweet. Not enough orange peel. Not worth any price.
half the cans are dented
Different bag from the picture
3 kool aid size packages not worth the money.
I ate one then threw the rest out
The chamoy exploded in the bag and is now completely empty and no return policy on it 
Basically one big block of melted peanut butter cups are the rappers all over the place.
The taste was horrible could not even drink it.  Never tasted a coffee so horrible.
Received only 26 bags and they were stale!! No response from seller for replacement!
Basic scrap Even looks like it all melted and mushed together
90% of pods did not work & leaked all over the place.
Received these choc eggs and they are hard and stale.
This is a scam. Do not buy. Missing 2 whole packs and does not even come in the box.
I disliked the flavor of this product. I used it on collards.
This stuff is disgusting!! I had high hopes for it and now I have a box of trash I cannot consume.
Smashed to pieces. None of the cookies were whole/ intact
Was way to sweet with a fake taste to them very gross do not recommend.
Love the crackers! But they arrived totally in small pieces!  Almost like cereal!
Sent me ones that expire soon in December 2020
The bottle was cracked when I received my package so I was not able to use the product
Always come green and never turn yellow
Received product about to expire
The crackers are hard and very little filling.  Very disappointing.
Got them and they were outdated.......
Arrived moldy and unedible. Do Not waste your $90
I paid 8dls for only 3 grains I think that was pricey!
The flavor is so heavy and syrupy. Gross. I only took it twice and threw the rest away. Too thick.
Did not cook as directed on package. Not happy with product.  Not worth the price.
must of been old. had no effect on my bread like it is supposed to.
$8.33 per jar is an outrageous price.
Not a good purchase, and it was a gift. The flowers did not look fresh.
this was super gross
It arrived partially opened and some of the mix already leaked out.
Expensive, poor choices, taste awful.
Stuff tastes like crap.
All were melted and squished together when l opened pkg. For that kind of money.....never again.
For the same money, you would get ten times this amount if bought at an Asian grocery store.
It came all apart did not have anything to put them together.
Vitamin waters received were all discolored and dated expiration August 2017. Tasted expired also.
Not very good,,,,I love chocolate covered nuts but these were not good to me
CAME IN THE MAIL BROKEN INTO PIECES. VERY UPSET
There is no way to get a replacement.
Expired.... not happy.
Was sent as a gift.  Both cans dented in different places.  Looks like they were packaged dented.
Flavor was not up to expectation
Smell of it so bad
10 of the 24 cans came dented  can i get a full refund?
definitely not 1.5 lbs bag and not worth $12!!!
Order does not specify sugar or sugar free. I am diabetic and I cannot use this item.
NOT mushroom popcorn.  It is mostly butterfly.  Should have listened to the other reviewers
NOT ALL ITEMS WERE GULTEN FREE AS ADVERTISED MAJOR RIPOFF
Do not buy these, they are very watery and weak
Not fresh. Already brown and mushy
Does not give me pep other caffeinated drinks do. Gives me anxiety.
Be aware! they do use palm oil in their products. Environment + health on the table here!
It tasted awful so I threw it away.  I just wasted my money!
Old product...wrapper do not come off...
They were all broken it sucked
It does not look fresh to me.
Moldy! Tried cutting off the stem, plume of spores. Absolute trash. Worse than the onions.
Order this flower and i got a empty knife box where is the flower?
Came with busted cans and cannot return. Awesome
Only received 1 of the 6 boxes. Would not pay $46 dollars for one box of tea.
Inflation $$$$$$$
Has a nasty bitter after taste
Several of the cans were dented.  I am not pleased at all.
This stuff is nasty. Horrible after taste.
Very little licorice flavor.
Egg arrived completely smashed.  Not happy, it was a gift.
Stale and package has no expiration date stamp.
20+ bucks for 1/2 the size of a can of coke.  This stuff is more expensive per ounce than copper.
Over priced. Can buy at store for half the price.
Every cookie in the box was in crumbles
Very hard big pieces. Shipped in an bag, arrived all crumbled, threw it in the trash can.
Only received one canister.
Too expensive for a brownie mix.
Both dead one arrived  dead the other died shortly after
"The SAF yeast that I received this month (Jan 2020) had a ""best used by"" date of July 2019"
Very high priced for 1 box of sauce.
Just not very tasty at all. I guess they are pretty fun to make though.
Nasty and loves flavor in mintues.
Astonishly nasty taste and so lingering.
Most of the roses were crunched and are unusable for my candle projects. Do not recommend.
Extremely disappointed....half the bag was ruin.
Items were not in noc  box was flattened ripped and torn
Arrived in a melted glob. So disappointed.
All the candy was melted, but the bigger problem was that the chocolate was turning white from age.
i received2-  2 @oz.bags instead of 2 -1-lb bags
My nephew did not like them. Mainly because the paper straws has a gross consistency
It is extremely bitter
The texture, the taste, just plain unpleasant.
In BPA cans. The warning is not in the pictures.
It was expired and awful. The filling was like paste.
Nice packaging to disguise a horrible product. I wish I would have purchased anything else.
The bouquet was droopy and barely lasted for two days.
very hard, unable to chew, no flavor
I love chomps but these were old and discolored, the casing was tough!
The cans of soup were delivered but they were all dented and smashed in.
Flour had bugs in it.  Not able to judge quality, obviously. Very disappointed.
Disgusting smell and taste. Total waste of money. I am throwing it away.
They are hard and taste nothing like gum drops.
Ordered this yesterday an it is.  Expired
expired (bought two, different flavors, both expired). trying to get my money back
The flavor is not what I expected it to be for cinnamon
The product sold is awesome,but the seller shipped it unbelievably poor.
candy was completely broken into pieces and stale.
Wish they were fresh
Product very disappointing
this is a very soft dried apples. Not crispy at all.
Missing one of the toppers.
Grainy and gross flavor. Tried in smoothies and juice.
Do not waste your money. :(
Very Small portions for cost.
This is not Deathwish coffee. Tastes horrible Like chemicals. Big waste of money.
I have seen literal sand that is more sparkly. It is so dull and matte. No sparkle whatsoever
This product IS NOT HULLESS
I could not eat these. They were so bland that they did not taste like chicken or anything else. 
How can I eat with out soup powder!
Candy was in an awful condition not safe ro eat.
Came in small little pieces. Bought for my dog. Total waste.
chips were old and grey
Do not buy awful  taste
Beware of the size jar you are buying. Pictures are deceiving!
The sardines are ok just toooo much salt!!!!
Product is too dry and costs twice compared to trader joe in store.
We love these bars but paid WAY too much for shipping and they had melted anyway!!!
Did not taste great. Did not notice any effects either
Product came and busted was leaking all over box
There are tastier healthy treats out there
not worth the price
It says 34% Juice that is why I ordered. But the label on the bottle says 3.5% Juice!
Consumer beware big chains have already shut down the selling of these products. Boycott.
they do not look this cute
The picture says it all.
The box was half crushed but most importantly they are stale.
The last two times I bought it the whole bag was crumbs. There were no whole chips.
Kids said it was stale and yucky.
Need a low salt . So salty no one could eat it.
No wonder it is not returnable do not waste your money. I ended trashing it
These had no flavor and the egg white was very rubbery.
Half the pods do not work!
No protein, a bunch of added sugar, expensive and it tastes terrible.
Product smelled and tasted moldy.
This is not IZZE. Generic and sickly sweet. Added sugar and Stevia. Avoid this.
Does not sparkle as expected. Melts on icing. Disappointed.
If you are looking for plain coffee creamer its fine, but no vanilla flavor is in it, just blah.
Were not good tasting at all. Definitely not worth the money
Food safety issue! They are stale as well.
This make a complete mess.
Taste horrible! Lots of different kinds of seeds, no taste.. Too expensive..
picture shows 2 bags , really only get one. not a good way to get return customers
Did not like the flavor, had s sour aftertaste
I opened the box from Amazon and it had only 1 box of 12 instead of 6 boxes of 12.
Bottle arrived broken. Not able to use as their maybe glass in the bottle.
All the candy was at the bottom of the box. No surprises, it was all popped through.
Did not care for it, very salty & awful flavor. Would not recomend.
They arrived all broken. Very disappointed
Page clearly said pack of 5, only got one tin. So I paid almost $12 for one tin of oysters.
Comically small container. Not returnable. BEWARE!!!
stale and flavorless threw it out
There is nothing about this product that I like. It has no taste and it is pretty weak.
Terrible flavor.  Terrible consistency.  Terrible.
I did not know what to  use it for and threw it away.  Money down the drain.
On my last shipped Amazon Fresh my tomato was ruined and I had to dispose of the results.
The cost for the very small container is ridiculous do not buy this.
Will not consume by expiration.  Would like a refund and product sent with better dates
Warning! Dead bugs in a double sealed package upon delivery.
Tastes horrible.
it came completely crushed
Like the flavor but do not like 1 out of 3pk! Rip Off!!
The candy bars were very stale.
literally tastes like chemicals
Terrible! Most of the bags had 4 pieces of broken chips.  Better off buying the large bags !
All of the bags were stale.
Just got them today and they are all melted/smashed together in ball. What a waste of $15!
Very disappointing. Flowers do not bloom as pictured. Look dingy and wilted.
It was described as a pack of 12. I received a pack of one. One pack of nerds for $12!  Ridiculous
These were cute for team goodie bags but the suckers were stale.
"The entire bottle is ""clumped"". Literally have to use a spoon to break it up."
Item damaged and leaking
These are disgusting!  Flavors are horrible...
mint is very overwhelming. threw them away
Picture was small, it says top 6 best flavors and only get 2.
I had to throw this out. Awful flavor.
Some juice pouches were leaking or empty. The box was soaking wet.
Threw these out. They tasted terrible.
They are greasy and the watermelon was bleck
I could not taste any mint. The chocolate is horrible and tastes a bit like cardboard.
Does not taste good . Will not buy again...should have returned it
I am no stranger to the taste of green juices, but this took my breath away. It tastes terrible.
Super pretty!! Better quality than expected and my daughter love it!!
I threw it out after one use. Tastes like chemicals!
Does not fit the bottle and there are no returns very unhappy!!!!!
Candies were extremely soft as if they were the chews, so texture was not what it should have been
Not as good as expected.
None of the cans actually were pressurized.
The bag was not sealed all the way and had a hole, as a result the gum was very hard.
I love matcha and this did not have much flavor.  Definitely not worth the amount paid.
Both are old chocolate.  Looks nothing like my previous orders. Unexceptable.
They were all melted into 1 big clump.
Went in the garbage. Product was spoiled
these were substituted for stemmed...very disappointed
Sadly over half of the crisps I bought were broken and not usable for the party I was hosting.
"This product tasted too chemically for me. It was not ""my cup of tea"""
From the honey to the top of my jar there is about an inch of space???
It supposed to be 2 packs. However, they delivered only one pack !!! How I can receive more pack?
These are fragile, they should ship with more care. VERY disappointing for the money spent.
I have had this plant 3 months now and pretty much all the leaves have fallin off Why?
Big bag, expired within three months of purchase...
Usually it used to taste good. But last time it was horrible. I just threw it in the trash
Was looking for buttermints - but they are just a dinner mint.
Tastes awful. Threw it away.
This product came damaged, and unfortunately this item is not eligible for return.
$8 for one package!? Um... No
This popcorn was stale and could not be returned.
Three cookies were missing! I sent this as a gift how embarrassing.
I was looking for gumdrops for a centerpiece I order this and they where too big (jumbo gumdrops)
Disgusting. WAY TOO SWEET. Cannot taste anything but the Stevia. No cola flavor. Nothing but sweet.
I ordered shockers. But what I got in the mail was nerd ropes. I am very disappointed.
I paid for a package of 6 but only got 1 item!!!
Weird flavor, like wheat fungus.
I paid $7 for 1 pack of Altoids. I was ripped off
Not giftsble at all. The freshness was horrible flavor was ok but I do not recommend it
It really did not taste good or fry up as a good saganaki
So dry and tough. Not really tasty at all. I will go back to Daves 21 Grain Bread.
Was not crazy about it.
I ordered these rose petals and a bunch of other stuff! The rose petals were the only thing missing
Weird taste. I love coffee and this has an off taste to it. I Am use to drip though
These were not the items in the picture . They were suppose to be sunflowers
They were not sweet enough it was really dry.
It is very dry and sour, hurt my teeth. It may be left too long at warehouse
did not like it at all. Thought it would taste like Waffle House L&P sauce. Does not.
The bag of fries has a metal screw in the package .
This was not edible. Had to Throw it out
I did not even get this at all I got a bunch of other chocolates this is not at all what I wanted
One pack was empty so i am missing one out of the box.
I was supposed to receive 6 boxes of the drink mix, only received one.
Flavor was ok. Bad for the stomach.  Cost is extreme.
I can spend 3 dollars on a slim jim and get twice as much than what comes in this..rip off..
Ten pieces of candy for $6.99. way too expensive !!
Smelled horrible- bad taste. Not at all what I thought they would be.
I only got one container of gum, it was sold as a four pack!
Taste nothing like frosted flakes. It leaves an after taste in your mouth!
The tin and lid were bent. The lid was not even attached!
This was a disappointment.  It tasted awful.  I am going to make my own from now on.
The crackers we received had old expiration dates and were stale.  Unacceptable.
Taste Like Chemicals.!!!
The taste is great! but they were hard and stale! heartbroken
The boxes were damaged so badly that I was afraid to eat it.
Flavor and taste lacking compared to Starbucks Pikes Place or House capsules.
This was a waste of money
Worst tasting chocolate ever!
It taste good, but it is to thick. The carton is not good for this product
The chocolate was stale
Does not spray very well. Not worth the price.
Ordered gummy bear cubs and got regular gummy bears.  A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!
do not waste your money..never lost a pound..it tastes like crap
Nothing good to say about this product
This product is greatly over priced, and was crumbled.
The worst horseradish I have ever had. No taste hardly. Yuk.
the add said it was a case of 12 and they only sent one bag
Most of the cookies were a crumbled mess
Texture was greasy and very salty
New recipe is horrible. So dissapointed. Noodles are not as good and the sauce is awful
Red 40 and yellow 5 ... nope
The cheese is gross.
Candy is gooey and runny
I bought this thing excited about the reviews but I found it absolutely undrinkable.
Lacks any flavor at all
Had no flavor - will feed to cats
Product is terrible
When I opened the package the tea box was open , Damage , and 3 tea bags were missing !disgusting!
They came having a Best By date of Dec 18th 2018, and its May 2019. So long past the date...
Crap deal on this tiny bag. Ordered by mistake.
Arrived opened with barberries everywhere. Cannot even request a replacement.
Did not care for them.  Too mushy for noodles and I love hearts of palm
Definitely a dark roast. Poor quality.
Dry and old tasting. Very disappointed. Actually felt horrible after eating some.
Candy all stuck together! Horrible!
It was opened when I received it
Old, dried, and shriveled up
Broken cookies.  Use UPS please.  Unacceptable.  FedEx broke my treats!!
Stay AWAY from this , the worst thing I ever tried , not worth a penny , just afoul 
This is not real honey. It tastes sugar sweet. I know honey. This is a fake.
Many were black and spoiled
They came melted in a package if you order when warm weather do not expect them to be frogs
Arrived already opened. Unable to process return since this is a non-refundable item. Cannot use.
What a shame. They had no Cream in them. All dried up.
I order this product in September, and just realized the expiration date said August 2020. Horrible
I ordered a 4 pack and got 1 package of 1.4 ounce. It is good, but NOT worth $15.
They advertised a 50 pack box, I got a 10 pack instead!
Product might have been perfect but the cheap plastic lid undid its integrity. Money wasted.
It is extremely bitter - not at ALL what I expected. They would not take it as a return.
$1.99 at Trader Joes They are delicious but are you too lazy to just drive to the store?
The taste is terrible. I tried adding a bunch of monk fruit, but it was still bad.
They are tiny af and there are not no way this piece of caca is 25 bucks!
Did not get the right flavors. :(  2 very disappointed little girls.
Bad flavor and VERY hard to chew
Thin and nasty will not buy this ever again!
Popcorn was stale and the packaging was open 0 stars
They were rotten by the time they got to me.
Flavor is good but they are too hard to break and chew!!!
The taste is horrible.
I should not have to gamble with my money on these items arriving in usable condition 
This item was already open when I received it.
I was shocked at how sweet this was.  Sugar is the only thing you can taste.  Inedible.
I only received 1 box instead of the six boxes I paid for. Will not order again.
They were all melted together. Very disappointed.
It is too salty and does not taste very good.
One of the jars arrived broken and spilled in the package, which was quite messy to open.
Came damaged, hole in box, hole In bag exposing chips 
Strong coffee with mild hazelnut taste.
Arrived rock hard. Could not even chew them
"""best by"" date is marked as date I received this; unacceptable!"
These are so much smaller than many I bought from Amazon before at the same price stay away
Not very good. Dry and tasteless.
I would not recommend. Flavor is very poor, almost burnt. Little to no crema on top.
I could not stand the smell.
There was not a single full pretzels. All I got was a jar full of pretzel pieces.
It tasted more sour than sweet which is not what I wanted
The pot is white instead of black as shown. And it arrived broken.
Crackers came all broken into little pieces.
Do Not buy this. Quantity they gave for 10$ is too bad.
Very hard cheese. Not flavorful.
$18.95 for 1 box is criminal.
An entire case flat upon arrival How does this happen?
To advertise that  these specific flavors are in the order, when they are Not - is bogus.
Product arrived soft and stale. Was not a fresh product.
These pods taste really bad and they are non refundable.
I did not care for the taste.  I started making my own, until my favorite was available.
These are very sticky on your hands and teeth...
Jackfruit was not in water, it was in the brine it left a bitter taste 
Scam. Pack of 6. Single shows up.
Half the bag was crumbs and tons of old maids. Not worth the money spent for a little sugar treat.
The candy tasted like how the packaging smelled... like plastic.
Beyond human meats lol I do not trust it.
Do not buy this terrible product
Tasted old and stale
They are thin. They are crisp. They taste like onion rather than sea salt.
They were hard as rocks and stale such a disappointment
Product had a funny smell. Taste was bad. Cannot return. So total waste of money.
The candy bars received were expire September of 2019.
Horrible taste, threw them away.
I bought 2 boxes and both boxes arrived melted and inedible. Unable to return because it is food.
I am assuming this is mold!!! Not expired.
Although the sell by date was okay, the nuts were stale.  Tasted rancid.
I used it to eat. They were stale
Rancid horrible taste Threw it out !
Artificial sweetness horrible taste
The taste is terrible. I will never buy this again. I had one can only. It is that bad.
Product showed up already stale.  Would not recommend
The Bar code and Box label were lime however, Pear was actually in the box.
Sour taste. Tried to return and did not accept. Disappointed with this product.
Omg what a  rip off are you kidding never will I buy these again !
Bought 4 bags and all of them say best if purchased 3 months ago
Ordered pack of 2.. only recieved 1.. will not bother..
Disgusting.  Threw them in the trash.  Not worth buying.  Would not want them if they were free
I could not not detect a Hazelnut flavor, just sweet. Took several pumps just to sweeten.
Received this product on July 15 the coffee is expired.
Twice the mfg price!
Fruit arrived and was hard as rocks. Waited a few days- still hard as rocks.
Did not work to cook with.
This peanut brittle is not very satisfying because it is mostly sugar stuff and hardly any peanuts.
All 24 bags came expired (in March which is three months ago)! Very disappointed.
It is not the real LaChoy. It is a fake.
The giraffe is hunched over. It does not stand tall like the photos!!
I do not like the taste taste to sweet taste like chocolate in the coffee I was not my money
The nuts were not fresh.  A lot of powder.  We had to throw both packets away.
Very hard, very bitter tasting.
very sweet, not a fan.. will not buy again nor recommend.
Not worth the WAIT. Chalky
8% Alcohol content not specified.
Wrong item ordered, and unable to return for an exchange.
broken glass shards everywhere & hot sauce everywhere.
No whole cashews. They were all crushed.
The package was not marked that they could melt in the sun; and 3 packages melted.
The peanuts were stale. Since it is too much trouble returning the item, I will be throwing it away.
The taste of these were not so good.
WhT did Iike about it.  Nothing
Just did not taste good or last long 
Damage when I received it.
Product I received was extremely stale and smelled very bad. I returned it immediately
Taste like hot water with a splash of fake pumpkin. Gross
No taste. Definitely does not seem like espresso at all!!!! I will stick with Lavazza
Product came damaged/opened. No option to remedy this issue.
Both cans badly dented. Inexcusable for almost $20 worth of oil
Not at all like the samples that were sent.  Waste of money.
I opened the package to find the candy bag wide open and spilled inside the package
These do not taste like cinnamon at all. The taste lime black licorice.
Bad taste. Too salty.
This product is no good. if you want more sweet put two or more spoon.
Sent me one can of sardines instead of 12
Did not enjoy taste or consistency or effect on stomach after.
Did not like it all! There was a horrible aftertaste
Very grainy, tastes live sugar crystals!
Only received I package of the product 30.00 bucks for 1 loaf of bread
Not what i thought it was ......  mostly sugar
For $12 I assumed these were not tiny little boxes with 6 squares of candy TOTAL.  Absolute ripoff.
Too expensive. I love bridge mix, but would not order again..$$
More than half the popcorn for not pop.
Coffee was poor tasting.  Would not buy again
Everything seems good until I read that part
Tastes like gas station espresso.  Thought I would save a buck or two.  Nope.
Very fine texture. Not much versatility in cooking
Was getting them for candy jar.  Look horrible
It does not exist anymore.  Do not waste your time trying to order it.
FRUIT WAS NOT RIGHT. IT WAS A LITTLE GREEN INSIDE. NOT READY TO EAR.
Terrible y even worst you cannot return it
They were expired
Too expensive for the small amount of ounces
I have bought this tea that the store... this tastes different, weak.
Juice is GREAT  To expensive.  Why so expensive?
I ordered this, was charged for this, item was not in package!!!
Does not work with Kuregig
It is small hard candy with a horrible licorice taste
I did not get 60 packs and some were smooshed!
I would say this was good for the money but it was terrible. We threw it out.
Over priced, horrible taste and not hydrating.
The taste not able to return it but I will not purchase again.can I be refunded? Thanks.
This was supposed to be a variety pack. Instead, I received all one flavor.
Product was rancid
A sticky mess inedible
Sticks were entirely too hot.
Bag arrived open so now I have a 5 pound bag of sour patch kids no one can actually eat.
These are really great cookies - too bad they were STALE.
Pricey for its portion. Should have looked at the review
These came and were DRY hard little stones.... not gummy AT ALL
Grape is the only one drinkable.
Was making spring rolls. Only had 4 papers that were not broken. The rest were broken.
Bad Product wasted money
The products had small worms in the flour. I had to throw the entire package out.
Artificial color and taste, not good at all.
Totally unacceptable. Many expired items in the box.
I payed for a pack of six boxes I received one box twice and I am unable to get a refund
Gritty & bland. Guests left or discarded after tasting. Very disappointing.
Only one of the pack of 2 showed up.
Small qty never order again..not for my bunny!
Tore my stomach up for a few hours after the first bite. Wasted $20 to throw it in the trashcan
Not good at all, had to throw it away.
Do not make the mistake that I did. These cups do not fit a standard Keurig.
taste like crap  maybe there for cooking not for snaking
If you like tartar the same consistency as water, this is for you!
All three were cracked up
After reading the contents, I tossed it.
They taste horrible big waste of money
Yellow, raw, unripe disgusting mangos.  Seriously Whole Foods / Amazon?
The flavor was not good, I threw it away.
something has changed with this product. Does not taste the same. Would like to return.
Arrived without a food safety seal. Also a rip-off price. Shame on Amazon.
Received these from a wishlist for my students. All over a year expired.
Awful. Received it mid-May and unable to return.
Absolutely disgusting
Sent expired food. Would not refund
Arrived broken and can not return item.
We got seven sauces instead of the eight we paid for. Very disappointed.
Not a fan of the flavor.
We found worms in the containers! it was horrible. do not purchase
Tastes awful not eligible for refund for some reason
Absolute nightmare of a delivery. Was delivered in shambles.
Item had expiration date of 8 months ago
Taste, texture, and especially the aftertaste is awful! I wanted this to be good
Smells and tastes like Cumin; not cinnamon
Was not spicy at all and lacked flavor.
If you want to eat cardboard with a sweet flavor this is it.
Cupcake toppers are nice, nothing special, you will get annoying emails from the seller
Tasteless. I am 7 flavors in and they have all been tasteless
Box came open worst experience
Be careful before you consume the products
Nasty taste!!!!  Liked miracle noodles a whole lot more!
The taste was uninteresting and quite dull
Sickly sweet with that artificial sweetener flavor
This product is NOT certified kosher.
Flavor lasts up to 10 seconds. Disappointing.
Super chemically smell.  Threw it out
leaked, I am throwing this in the trash !!!
Was beat up and dented which made the soda flat. Was terrible  sorry
Came damaged with the top ajar and some of the pepper out in the package.
Taste is so terrible
Received the product opened. I do not feel comfortable using it
So stale. Such a bummer!
The best I am addictive to this popcorn
Nice idea for those of us who cannot eat grains, but it tastes like cardboard.
These tasted awful. Such a waste of money. 5 packages down the drain.
So far 4 of the 12 in the box are missing the chocolate chips. Not cool.
They do not melt down  to a liquid form. Melts down to a paste. Super weird.
I did not get lollipops but a brush!!! And I cannot return because they do not let me. Not so happy.
Tastes worse than anything made by Kikkoman
Not happy at all. The expiration date on all three items I bought was out of date.
These are horrible.  The lemon tastes like pledge.  Never again.
"I received my order on July 16, 2017 and the ""Best Buy"" date was October 2017."
This was a gift and I typed up a note and when it arrived there was no note. Not good!!!
Basically plain cashews not happy!
Not very good, rather mushy, glue.
I needed soft ladyfingers and had that in my search.  These are hard!!
Has a weird, horrible off-taste.  Almost tastes like wet cardboard.  Yuck. Over-priced too.
Candy was way stale
Had to throw out!  Came seeping thru lid!!!Very runny!
Followed the directions and they were crunchy. Will not buy again
Only received one and was supposed to receive 3.
It is dead. It arrived dead.
This stuff tastes terrible
Poor quality not fresh
I needed anout 4 of this sized bags to fill my baby's piata half way!
They did not work with my Keurig 2.0.  Very disappointed.
Had an allergic reaction. May not work for everyone. Did not help fertility.
They came in broken, I use these for chocolate dipped pretzels for my bakery
The texture of the noodles were rubbery.
Tastes absolutely disgusting.
Nothing more to say then spoiled in 4 days huge waste
This supplier sent me a very old stock, and it tasted horrible too.
The package of this bacon that I bought had NO bacon.  It was all fat.
These were 2 days away from expiring. We had to throw them away, they tasted horrible.
No taste or smell. Product is completely worthless. Save your money.
It was the worst! Do not waste your money.
They were very very stale! Will not order again.
Came crumbled up and smashed.
Worst sauce ever!!
The item arrived shattered. Spices and shards of glass within box.
Was not happy with these, tasted old/stale
Flavor is not what I remember
Cinnamon flavor is artificial in taste.
It smells and tastes like sulfur.  Wish I had not bought or opened it.
This is the second plant I received.  Both plants lost their leaves & look like crap.
This stuff tastes like Elmers glue. Very artificial. Would not recommend.
I want to return this.
Most of the candy was open and for the price I expected way more candy
I was bummed to find out they add synthetic coloring to make it yellow.  Not cool.
Do not buy. Powered poop.
Tastes like nothing. It is just purple food coloring.
Taste okay but more like ice milk.  Not creamy
These are horrible... Almost tastes stale if that is possible?
This was not a good flavor
Pictures and description is incorrect
Does not work with 2.0 brewers. Do not purchase if you own a 2.0 Brewer.
Received broken. Cannot find anywhere to help with a resolution.
This was the worst tasting noodles.
Lack of protein is disappointing.
So gross. Do not Waste your money.  Taste like the paper it was wrapped in.
These arrived and were stale n not edible. What a waste of 35$ I had to throw them away
Very disappointed, hard and stale.
Tried 5 pods ,made no coffee. Worst product I have bought from Amazon.
Way to salty for my taste. Did not like it .
not worth the buying
The lettuce was wilted
Cartons looked old. Chocolate was melted and cherries were black.
I found this popcorn to be stale
$ 3.61 an ounce?  Wrong price listed or aimed at people with money to burn.
Would not purchase again. They are stale and they are not returnable.
Most of these were all broken into pieces when received.
Ordered and paid for an 11 ounce stand up bag received a 10 ounce bag.
Product is mild and we ordered extra hot.
Says Halal, Soy Sauce ingredient is Harami 
90% of discs were defective.  Total disappointment.
I went to pick up the product at the locker and the envelop was empty!!!!
Looks just like cookie dough, taste just like playdoh and leaves an awful taste in you are mouth
Small size of the bean ratio to chocolate
I would avoid this product - came damaged and is not eligible for return or refund.
this box was open when i receivrd it
HAS SUGAR ADDED TO IT
Stale and hard.  Nothing was tasty.  Better off and buy Braachs
Not Jamaica me crazy... No would not buy this again..
I received my sea moss very moldy. Was disappointed and feel like there was no quality control.
Do Not like this cake!
Sent 3 caramel and 1 original. No hazelnut or french vanilla and I cannot return the items):
These are outdated and hard as a rock. Order these for my child for school and what a joke.
Unpleasant flavor, not real chocolate?
The product itself is wonderful. Received a damaged box of 6 with no option for a refund or return.
The whole bag Crushed to bits, not a single whole cookie. For the price that is unacceptable.
Very tough tortilla. I did not enjoy the taste and neither did my toddler.
Way overpriced and tasted terrible.
Product arrived with broken glass
The meat is not sirloin steak.
My mistake. Ordered the wrong thing
Too sweet and gave me a headache.
I bought it on July 21, but its expiration is Sept.10,2021. Toooo bad
Almost tasteless, do not waste your time or moneu
Product arrived with no padding, just a box, so every candy cane was broken
These are gross! The taste is bitter and it feels like I am eating sticks of chalk.
Out of three kids no one will eat them. They are awful
This caused me severe stomach distress. I threw all 4 boxes in the garbage !
Title says it all.  Could not even finish it.
Got today they expire in one month.  Would not buy again and cannot return
Received a 1 ounce bag instead of the 4 ounce bag.
Foam is not cooling or soft as advertised.
Nothing like normal Gatorade. Tastes like chemical additives!  Skip this flavor
Had a bitter taste.
DO NOT BUY it did not come in
Item received bent and corner cut on right side.
Gooey, awful mess.
The flavor has changed on threse.  I fed them to the dogs!  Plese send refund.
Product was rancid and unpalatable
It is sucks big time
DOA. Will not come back to life!  Dead on arrival.
Taste old, greasy, almost not edible
The packaging was  not effective; the chocolate she will was completely melted.  J G merritt
Misleading description.  You get only one pack for the outrageous price of over $30.
I think that it is good but overpriced.
The chocolate itself is terrible.
This coffee is horrible. I am basically drinking hot water. Has no flavor at all.
I never did receive it because they were broken all up so I had to get a refund
I got these to infuse into honey.  I followed the procedure and the results were pretty sad.
Great flavor but the consistency of glue.  No perceptible presence of oats.
This is definitely not keto.! Look at the ingredients do not be fooled.!!
Received as a gift from my list (added in December 2021). It has expiration date June 2021.
Was less than 5 lbs.  Will never buy again!  Tons of dust.  Not worth the money!
Glacier Cherry:  Absolutely HORRIBLE TASTE, throwing this out today and will not buy again.
Only received one of 6 promised
Item description does not match the item sent.
This item is incredibly overpriced and a dollar tree item at Valentine Day this year.
Not 1 worm to be found. Just a melted block of hard candy.
Tonic tasted old
Spoiled chocolate 4 of 6 packages had to be thrown away.  Inedible.
Thought it might be handy for camping but so wrong! Our dogs would not even touch it!
They were stale!
It was 4 months expired when it arrived! Pretty silly. Waste of money
I will never get this again. I cannot stand the taste of these after eating Bush's beans.
It is disgusting. One sip and I dumped it.
Boxes were leaking!!
This product did not have any slots for the buttons to connect. Disappointed!!!!
They were ok for a few days then saw were covered with mold.
It has a chemical taste you will not like.
The boxes were delivered crushed.
Very, Very, very disappointed
The tea does not have the oolong smell or the taste.
bitter and heavy, threw it out, does not taste like honey should, tastes like something was added.
Was missing from order
$8 for one pack of seeds? Pathetic
The flavor and the sweetener are harsh and remind me of medicine.
They did not taste good at all.
Tails were very small
Not sweet and terrible aftertaste
I paid for 3 bottle of this lime juice and only received one
Do not buy Product arrived shattered but dry It was packed broken Refund refund!!!
Too much expensive
Awful! No taste of lychee whatsoever. It is just plain sugar water. Do not waste your money!
product nothing like the cans. it is not drinkable.
Tastes ok but has too much color. Should have seen the ingredients before buying
This is too short also do not allow to return.
Marshmallows arrived today they are STALE not fresh and it says it is not returnable. So sad.
Unscrewed the lid and the foil seal was pushed in.
Way too tough. Do not try to rehydrate-then they turn to mush.
Barely anything comes out when you try and use the k-cupsno option to return or replace!
This is how my product arrived! It was in a bag and half of them were open and smells so bad
Product was crushed upon arrival
They were terrible. The taste was disappointing, and the texture was dry.
Smaller than expected and packaged poorly for shipping to where several were broken upon arrival.
Price is good, coffee is not
Not clear that these are whole wheat! Really did not like the taste/flavor/texture.
This is not chick o sticks  and it cannot be returned
Took over 2 1/2 weeks to get and when I opened the box I received 10 bottles and not 12 .
Candy was melted and old tasting. I want a refund! Too expensive for it not to be good!
Item was thick skinned slimy and gross if this is Wisconsin's best I would hate to see their worst.
They died in a week after I  received them
I thought maybe it was a fluke but 3 k cups exploded in my Keugi.
So far not too happy with amazon fresh produce, especially the tomatoes. They are just NOT FRESH
Terrible taste / texture.
Its not extra large. Its medium size. Smaller than the large size i got last time. 
It is way too sweet,
Will not purchase again
Should of known what would happen through delivery! Basically a can of powder
Is this a joke?! I received a jar of jam without a lid?! I am speechless.
Nasty tasting coffee!
I ordered this and found roach legs inside the jar. Nasty af
Highway robbery.  And the product will expire in 2 months.
TERRIBLE!!  Came in smashed and AWFUL to taste......
was not as good as i expect it to be but its not too bad
Taste different before and no fresh. I really want return but they cannot. Do not buy.
Got three in the mail. Two bottles leaked and had to throw them away
Both boxes of guns that I ordered came damaged!
Received the salsa today and one of three bottles was broken and it appears it is not returnable.
The flavor is awful. Does not even taste close to toffee
These were horrible tasting.  Would not recommend
The water struggles to get through.
Had no taste Can not recommend
Stale and broken. Threw all of tge bags away. So disappointed!
This contains Trump Select coffee. Never before had my breakfast tasted of ignorance and prejudice.
The listing says it is for 54 yea bags, only 1 box of 18 was shipped. Rip off!
Old not fresh or near fresh
Super hard to chew the thicker pieces.
Was not anything special
Does not ripen. Hard as a rock and tasteless
Just did not taste good. Is not what I expected.
I received only one bottle of Hazelnut.  Not the other 5 I was supposed to get
Expired September 2022
The products was used for popcorn and it did not do what the item said it would do!
Product came with a broken lid and the mayo all over the bottle.
Looks good, but lacks substantial flavor. Almost no chicken. Will never purchase again.
It arrived damaged with one bag busted open
Very expensive I will not order this again
These were moldy. They are tiny black seeds. May have been ok if they were moldy and musty.
The chocolate tasted old and crumbled like Christmas candy on Halloween
Not very tasteful - too dry
To expensive vor cuple grams, and worst part ot: - or is getting icky or not enough taste
The product is very soft, very little flavor.
Better to make your own
They were cookies, but falling apart, not fresh, terrible
It does not look at good as the picture she definitely not worth the price
really poor value. you can find it for less elsewhere.
I have to give it one star because 90% of the pretzels were broken and smashed
At least half of the box was covered in mold.
I do not know what happened to this stuff but not sure it should have been eaten.
I did not realize the bag was so small. I paid $7.00 for this rip off. I got scammed.
This stuff tastes like dirt. No way around it.
GREAT TREAT. BETTER TO BUY IN STORE.
These do not fit the current nespresso models and it does not tell you that in the description
It is regular oatmeal and protein powder grind with lots of Maple sugar in a bowl.
Average at best.  No different tasting than the generic grocery store candy, in my opinion.
COOKIES ARRIVED BROKEN AND IN CRUMBLES.  A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY.
The lucky bamboo died within days, very disappointed
Great idea but I hated the taste of the original flavor
Nasty dry and hard.
Tasted stale!!! Trashed it
Was not satisfied with the look or flavor not returnable
product use by sensitive...arrived out of date
Taste is a bit off but the price is very high. Canceled
This coffee smells like fish. It does not taste good, either.
It is not worth the price.
Tasteless coffee. Despite being labeled differently, they all taste the same. Weak coffee.
Will NOT purchase again! Too dry.  Sad because perfect size
It was terrible and did not taste like beef at all.
Tasted like vinegar and smelled bad.  I love coffee- but this is bad stuff .
Wilted within hours, waste of money
Nasty after taste!
Arrived yesterday and has an expiration date of 4 months ago
The package came in with half of the cookies crushed.
I thought they would be big bags. Do Not buy you can get at a store for $2.50.
The flavor is awful.  The nuts are fine.  I would not recommend these at all.
This has a best before date in ONE month after receipt. Old stock.
Taste horrible and smell worse
These capsules do not work in the model Nespresso machine that I own.
Did not like too much sauce. Meat was not good either and it was not much meat. Just a lot of sauce.
Jar leaking, not as described, no returns allowed
Expiration date dates for 1 week after receiving them.
Basically flavored piss water in a nice packaging
NOT worth it at all
Product had a very unnatural taste because of the extreme sweetness
I have used regular brown gravy for a long time and love it.  Premium never even thickened AT ALL.
Not very good at all. Wold not recommend
Bag was smaller than expected. The amount is not worth the money.
For the price, this is a total rip off. So little for so much money.
ABSOLUTELY NO FLAVOUR NO AROMAS ,TERRIBLE TASTE IMMIDIATE RETURN, TERRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT
Not what i expected from Cracker Barrel. Do not taste bad not full flavor as their cheese.
Less then 2 lb I am so disappointed
Milk sent expired within six days of delivery.
3 cans busted bent cans ups took to long to find me do not buy
Overpriced, tiny, and just did not taste right. Can is cute.
Came in damages and could not be used
Great concept for kids flavored water, but tastes terrible.
It has a weird taste for a tartar sauce. I do not care for it. Kraft is much better.
My family did not like the texture and taste.  This bar is not for us.
The pies were very dry and looks like old. I am not order it again
Beware! Opened up the sealed bag and found this product is moldy!
Was not hot   like they say
When they arrived the box was wet and damp and i had to throw half of them away. Very disappointed.
This is made in China.  Food was inconsistent like other reviews said.  I would not recommend.
Not really that spicy.
Rubbish. St8 in d trash
chocolate covered cherries were melted and stuck together/ only about 1/2 were not stuck together/
Misleading when it said a full size candy bar.  Will not ever order again
Terriblemore than half are bitter and stale.
Completely bad ;(
Stunk up my kitchen like 'fake smoked' meat, and the taste made me gag and spit it out.
I would not recommend buying. Package arrived opened and spoiled
The packaging is not good. There are only 18 packets of tea inside
Only one kind worked in our machine. What a joke.
These taste good but came with a date that was already expired. Could not return.
I have got the bottle broken :(
Why cannot someone make a GOOD gluten free BAGEL? This is terrible.
They sent Almond instead of the advertised product. It tastes really awful.
Ordered and paid for a 2 pack, only received 1.
Unhappy with this seller. Unable to return and arrived damaged.
Will not recommend. Does not taste as it claims.
Tin arrived damaged, and many biscuits were broken. Chocolate had bloomed, and was dry.
I did love this product, but I have received a few bad batches in a row. So sad :(
Terrible taste.  I threw them out.
There is a very bad chemical taste. Absolutely terrible and waste of money
Sent me expired chocolate pandas very disappointed
Way, way too expensive.  And no filling, what a waste.
The taste was horrible.  I ordered the sugar-free RC cherry cola.
Tasteless, just make your own marinade yourself.
I ordered 3 bottles of SALSA. Received BBQ sauce. One of 3 bottles smashed.
Do not buy this wrap, it tasted like vomit
Disappointed for the damaged goods and not being able to return it
The whole bag busted
All the crackers were broken in little  pieces
Was much smaller than expected - highly overpriced
After reading the ingredients,  I discarded this product. So bad for anyone's health...
It smells great, and I think the flies think so, too.
Over a 1/4 of the pods were duds and clogged my keurig. Other pods did not have a problem.
The scoby was contaminated. Did not ever survive one fermentation.
Taste is terrible
This is basically poison. It has aspartame! DO NOT BUY! 
Inferior product with way too much guar gum.  I will stick with protein powder and ice cubes.
Some of the worst coco powder I have experienced....which is not many. But God this stuff was bitter.
Why is there white dust on these? These are not the real thing, they look contaminated.
The box of cookies was crushed  and all the cookies was crumbled.
old and mushy inside.
Never by this plant, plant was dead and frozen right out of box
I am sorry,but it was not fresh 
There is a freshness guarantee but it was delivered frozen. AmazonFresh needs to change its name.
Not at all what I thought it would be. Flimsy paper like material.
I would not buy this again
This coffee had no flavor,it was not good.
The taste not that great the store ones unsweetened  I buy taste better
Item is broken... and i would like a replacement
Mine was partially open and looked like it had been resealed
Are not no way in hell I would pay $30 bucks for a piece of meat
Chips expire in 2 weeks
Chips were very thick and did not cook right.  No flavor. Ended up throwing them away.
Horrible product do not by
Item boxing was flimsy plastic bag that was not even bagged correctly. Open when arrived.
Awful taste. Burnt bitter. Would never buy them again.
This coffee is quite bitter.
I am really disappointed. These sprinkles clearly look nothing like the photos.
Top was damaged and did not taste fresh to me.
This tastes really bad -burnt or stale... I do not know why but total waste of money.
I did not care for the taste
I did not like the taste of this product.
does not meet my expectation
Do not bake well. The color runs off
1st ingredient is corn syrup, wow- went right in the garbage, so I cannot attest to flavor.
The jerky is way to hot to enjoy .It is very expensive
Extremely strong smell of acetone! Not safe for consumption.
Added an awful taste
Not good quality old as hell lol
Taste very Bad and spicy
Mandarins all were out of the package and one busted in the box.
Never tried them before but they seem stale. Not what you want 12 packages of for a snack or meal.
Taste like watered-down hot chocolate. Flavor is lacking. Aroma is amazing.
The price is ridiculous. Total rip off.
You will never get this. Definitly a SCAM!
This product came in crumbs  twice
Yuck.  Terrible.
Ordered an azalea, received a maple.
have bought this coffee for years always been good, but this can is nasty
more heavy metal laden toxic stuff from china,  WTF?
This bag was bursted on both ends so there was popcorn everywhere in the box.
It arrived all messed up and its not possible to return it
Did not really care for this tea made my stomach hurt
I ordered a 3 pack of tea, but was only sent 1 pack.
These were the worst avocados I ever had the misfortune to buy.
I only received the jalapeno and the sweet. Disappointed.
What a rip off About $10 worth of veggies.
Damaged package,  expires in a couple of months
expired when I got it waist of money
I used to eat these when I was a kid and loved them. These looked the same but were somewhat stale.
The seals were broken
I batch I have recieved is expired batch.  Expiry date of Sep 2020
nasty taste---was so excited to get these and i finally threw it away--that bad
Much tooo fishy, cannot eat! Would return for refund if possible.
These arrived a broken crummy mess
Snacks are old and stale
Not the originals.. new flavors are terrible
As seen in other review pictures. Clumps, does not mix. Do not buy.
A bit over-priced
Received a empty bag
Coffee left my cup stained from top to bottom An aftertaste Was not blended well
Like eating pure sugar...would not buy them again
Not worth it. Small portions. Pretty dry and not very flavorful.
Taste was chalky. Was not chewy like the others I have had.
These are super gross! Would not suggest purchasing....
Tastes terrible.  You have to add a lot for vibrant color.
Item arrived leaking. A substantial portion of product is gone due to the leakage.
Definitely tasted off. Super dark.
Would not buy again, was very weak!
not listed as half bar
this stuff is horrible. i could not even swallow it
Junk, waste of money.
Cannot return it.. not as shown in picture.
Very expensive for such small package.
I threw away so many of these because they were open. Do not waste your money.
Beyond frustrating. This is not something we discovered upon opening it. It is clearly rotten!
Package was broken, possibly due to rodents or mishandling, rice cannot be consumed
There is absolutely no taste to this sauce.  Very disappointing.
The least fresh thing that I have ever ate in my entire life.
Not that great flavor was very disappointed
I do not like this at all
Great deal compared to stores
Absolutely horrible!! I love the PB2 peanut butter; however, this was an epic disappointment.
They were suppose to be made in turkey and they were not.
Not good at all.
Too expensive for this small size
This is not a good value. Seller provided a 24-count box that would expire in 5 days.
These are friggin disgusting. Even the smell as they are heating up is disgusting.
Tastes like dry mud. Will not be re-ordering anytime soon.
They turned moldy 2 days after purchase
Not shimmering silver. These are grey.
You know what is worse than wheat/gluten, GMO's and mono dyglicerides.
Ad says 6 boxes of 72 tea bags. I received ONE box of 72 tea bags.
BEWARE: Only sent 1 bottle for $32! Description clearly states case of six bottles.
Very good tasting coffee.  K cups 97% of them would not work in my Keriug machine.
These have the worse taste of any I have any tried. This was a complete waste of money.
Now in garbage can.
All of the hard candy in this bag was stale and chewy.  I would like to request a refund.
Tasteless. Never finished it. Go to Wegmans for a good carrot cake.
Used in coffee. Absolutely no flavor.
Waste of money no flavor.
I never even got to use the salt - it arrived open with the seal broken.
rip off.  1 package way expensive
taste is worse then the spice, taste HORRIBLE
Dried out and tasted horrible
The price is very outrageous for the size of this bag.
I wanted cream filling these are not
I was excited to get this but I received a 4 ounce bag instead.
This stuff is awful.
Came without any flavor?!! Plain almonds!
All of the fruit arrived damaged. This was a gift and I am embarrassed on how bad the fruit was.
Inexpensive....and without taste !  Doug.
These seems to be old. Taste was very subtle and we are hard to chew.
Horrible cookies. They taste raw and uncooked. Texture is very grainy.
Rip- off!!!! I Pay $1.65 a box!!!!! SMH I get 15 boxes of Hoo Mee  for $24.75
Product was stale and smelled old. Please send replacement.
These are dry as a bone, grainy, and have no flavor at all. Will not be getting these again.
Item was damaged, hot, and leaking upon arrival. Could not use.
This is not gluten free. It contains wheat. States right on the package
Chocolates fell out of slots
I want a refund this is all over the box inside and outside of it. It is was open.
Came open and stale
If you want to blow 6 bucks for a cup of watered-down kitty litter, here it is...
Did nothing for my milk production
Wow, what a deal!
The coffee is expired they sold me expired coffee
Tiny package of pineapples.  For $15 USD!  Picture is misleading thought it was multiple packages
The product is a good product. But the bars I got were stale. They were hard to even chew.
Disappointed. These contain ZERO jalapeos and have ZERO spice to them. Waste of money.
Received 1 can. Paid for 8
This product came in stale!! And it tastes awful. And it is not returnable.
It arrived to me very much broken so futher more I could not use it at all
Bad quality, look like they are printed on a home printer.
This is what you get.  Not 12 bags. 12 open lollipops
Way over priced.
Theses pods jam up and stop dripping at least half the time if not more
Too expensive for how much they want to give you.
This taste like pure crap.
Was Not imptessed. Chocolate poped out of sections before kids could open tabs.  Not great tasting.
Kcup lid is made of cheap paper and peeled .
Box was opened and missing tea bags
It says 4 bags - one bag was completely empty- cannot return this is a joke
over priced and one bag was months beyond the expiration date!
It arrived open, filling mailing envelope. With bugs. Yuck. Cannot return.
Tasted a little old. Which I should have know since discontinued years ago.
Have not found a use for crushed peanut butter crackers. Open to suggestions though
Speak LIFE NOT DEATH !!! Please watch YouTube John Osteen the power of your Words !!! Thanks
Did not know that I needed to get nicotine as well thought it came with it
I would like a refund. this item was delivered all melted and not edible.
This was a complete waste of my money and beef broth. It tasted awful. Threw it out.
The product expiration date within the next 2 months
I have to throw that away,was really sour.
Tasted like chemicals. Would give no stars if I could.
Meh. Could not finish a bag.
Quality low, taste had weak flavor unlike good Assam tea, and tad bitter. Wish I could return!
Does not dissolve like coffee creamer. Does not taste like coffee creamer.
Product arrived melted and unable to open or return,  unsure whose to blame
did not care for these & will not buy again
Did not receive 96 count as paid for.  Received 24 count.  please advise.
Sugar is the main ingredient, NOT honey.  I will not order products from this company ever again.
Really did not care for this drink.
Will not purchase again.
They were old and did not taste good
Full of artificial ingredients and tastes like a jam filled donut.
$19 for 2 bags?? $2.50 at Walmart? Same product....Unbelievable.
Not good hot, iced, or cold brew
broke in half from and 8 inch drop on to the counter.
Really sweet and not much deep chocolate flavor
Box was half empty. Small poor quality fruit.  I was embarrassed to have gifted it. Never again!
All but 8 of the 80 were broken. Very disappointed!
Product arrived melted I would not order in the summer.
tough and lack of flavor
all the fruits were spotted
I had high hopes for the Mio brand, but it tastes terrible. I recommend avoiding it.
Entire case had already turned sour.
Product is not eligible to be returned.
Sorry, I did not like them.
Not spicy at all
Hard as a rock! So hard it stood straight out from a counter top. See photo. Ridiculous!
Not good, did not form correct consistency to make pancakes. Tastes awful.
These were disappointing. The flavor is really lacking and they are not that spicy.
I received this order with 2 jars broken.
They are all just to dry and hard. They also really think
Received them and were crumbs!!! Love the flavor would order again if they were not smashed!
No Filling To Speck Of An all Sugar theses r tasteless NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
Did not like it, way too expensive also
It tasted funny. I checked the expiration date and it expired almost 5 years ago!
Spilled upon in box had to throw away
not a fan of the taste
WRETCHED TASTE. NO SUGAR BUT VILE SUGAR SUBSTITUTE
Purchase these cookies when they arrived they were absolutely smashed into pieces
All the flavors were bitter
The bag is barely over 1/2 full & does not have the candy pictured. Do not waste your money.
12 spoons, at least 6 broken, 3 were so obviously damaged that I cannot believe they sent them.
This tastes like liquid smoke with bubbles. It is horrible, and they do not allow returns.
It is a rip off. I can buy a years worth of real cuban coffee at that price.
Package was burst open and therefore unusable. I would like a replacement please.
It tastes terrible and sorry I tried it.. threw out 3.5 out of 4 cans
Literally these cups are so small it is ridiculous
Very poor quality!
Tastes awful and zero felt effects.
Felt like this was going to be a lot more full. Did not feel like it was worth the money......
I give it this right now because when I recieved it the box was damaged and open.
Product arrived with some containers open and full of black mold! Disgusting!
The strawberry flavor was too bitter this time around 
Threw in to trash
Did not look like the description
Delivered April 1.  Best Buy Dated April 9.  Have 7 left from original 12.
The price is now beyond the pale. Not worth it.
Very hard and stale. Will not buy these again.
Yuck. All flavors have the same metallic taste.  What a waste of money. 
More almonds than anything else. Will not buy again.
The Chocolates were received completely Melted.
It tastes awful - all of them. Threw them out
Product arrived damaged. I want a refund
Terrible product looks disgusting
No flavor at all , Kogels are the best , messed up and ordered wrong one
The candy was stale. I would not give even one star
This is how I received my 50# bag of sugar. So disappointed.
Do not care for the texture or taste
So dry and tasted bad
I have purchased ginger in the past from Amazon and this one is moldy.
I never got to try it. The bottle was broken. Went with a differnt product
No flavor.  Nothing to it.  Color is very pale and cloudy.  Would not recommend.
My tortillas were all moldy!! Horrible
We found some black bugs in our rice! Gross!!  Super disappointed.
I am not a fan of sour. These were awful
Srong taste of Black pepper.  Awful.
Arrived like this, but no refunds accepted?
These were extremely hard.
5 MINI BARS FOR 5.00 QUITE A RIP OFF. WILL SPREAD THE WORD.
I dislike that they were rotten. I rather you bring them to me hard in not a day to rotten
The taste of this is terrible n it dosent dissolved
Opened, leaking jars upon arrival. No returns.
NOT EDIBLE!!! Do not buy this product!!! It is not even a CK product, the brand is celebakes
Cans arrived dented so was unable to use.
This was supposed to be a variety pack, and I got a large box of 1 kind of chips! Not happy!!
Desperate need of quality control...........candies  were awful to the point they were thrown away!
The ones I received were very soft and had darkish brown spots all over them. Returning them...
Inconsistent product. Some are hard with no flavor, others are perfect.
Flavor was overpowering and it was overpriced.
I was very disappointed. The new product does not have the kick that the old product had.
Just awful. Grainy nougut, weird taste. Not good
Very very bad quality product
Has no taste whatsoever.
gross flavor, harsh, sharp and not good at all. waste of $20.
be careful it says 12 pack but only comes with 1 huge scam!
Could not use the product chocolate chips melted when the product arrived.
Looks absolutely nothing like the picture! Exceptionally disappointed. Not worth the money.
Extremely bitter. Packaging nice but if it has a bitter taste who cares about packaging,
I never got a chance to taste the hush puppies because the bags was open
What a waste of my $16. Did not work at all. So mad. Do not waste you are money I swear it does not work.
I received strawberry Fanta.
Misleading, jar is very small not worth it at all.
Product arrived unusable and merchant refuses to refund purchase.
The worst coffee I have ever tried .  it went straight to the trash .
Terrible tasting. Texture is weird. Would not order again.
Price gouging!!!
Cannot open the little packages, sticks to my tooth and it is too sugary and hot.
i thought i was getting 2 bags but its only one the picture is a lie
Ruined my cocktail, had to dump it all out
These are definitely not Cinnamon Roll flavored. Returning is a hassle so guess I am stuck with them
Ate most of one, threw the rest away. I enjoy pho. I do not know what this product is.
Disgusting. Save your money, do not drink it
stale.  they were so hard i was lucky to not break my tooth!  terrible
Product arrived with a rancid smell. Returned.
Garbage flavor. Wayyyy too sweet.
Dented containers, only a small area popped, stale and not returnable. DO NOT waste your money!!
Dough much too heavy , chewy. A good croissant should be light and airy
Did not know if it was safe, and discarded them.
Does not do the job
Coffee tasted old/stale.
It has a chemical smell once you open the pack.
Did not add a nice flavor to my salmon, it makes it worse and smelling fiishy
Freshness date was almost expired when received.
Misleading and way too pricey.
The package state's that the dried mango slices  Soft &Juicy. They are soft but They are very Chewy
BE SURE TO CHECK THE EXPIRATION DATE. This was expired nearly a year ago 
Made with GMOs I did not eat it and I will not.
THis is by far the worst jerky ever very greasy with a foul smell I will not buy again.
It was horrible I typed in pistachio nouget and get this nonsense
Expiration date is next month on all 4 boxes that is just bad business.
alot of crumbs will not buy again
Way overpriced.  Heavy Garlic taste..... will never buy again.
Boxes were old and smashed best by date on boxes is Jan 2018!!!!
Loved the taste and the value.
Poor tasting cheap coffee
Horrible! Tough and lacks flavor. I threw out the whole bag.
Tastes nothing like dill pickles!  Do not waste your money.
Shoulda read the reviews!
These are just way too expensive for what you get.
The syrup laid on top of the waffle. It was not absorbed.
too salty. Edema causing
NOTHING OF WHAT I IMAGINE..THIS ITEM IS MORE ABOUT MIXING THAN HAVING IT ALONE..
The package was re-taped & one pod missing.
No taste. Will not but again.
Expiration date is within 1 week of delivery.  This is unacceptable!
My bag arrived completely hardened.
poor quality product
Taste was horrible. Tossed the batch of pasta.
Horrible and old tasting.
the texture and taste is reminiscent of Elmer's glue.
Arrived  crushed. Not what I look for in my honeybuns
I would very much like to discontinue this product
Worst product I ever purchased from Amazon.
was not worth the money.
Product was hard and not fresh
Clearly, it was dropped on the floor before being packed in the box. Threw it away.
My kids said they Taste awful
I saw all these great reviews so I got them for my kids. Omg they were terrible, So terrible!
This was an AMAZON FRESH purchase and should be exempt from reviews.
One showed up completely useless
Bought for my son who is gluten and dairy free cookies came broken in little pieces not cool
It tasted like tomato paste. Absolutely no heat. As in NON-EXISTENT
TERRIBLE! Product just floats around on the top of my coffee! DO NOT BUY!
It was kind of of misleading I thought I was buying a 24pack instead it was only one pack
It arrived with a yellow branch I thought it will fade out but it is dead after 3days
Expired 2020 candy is stale.  Was to be a gift. So disappointed!!
These flowers were all wilted and dying when they showed up.
Not worth the price. Go to publics or whole foods
i only received 1 pack of the candy, in a huge huge box instead of 24
Most of them were rotten
not sour at all. good to chew
We received expired product.  We would like a replacement please.
Paid $22 for 6 boxes and got 1...do not order
VERY SALTY. An acquired taste.
only 8oz too expensive
These chips were awful, had a strange taste to them.
Very disappointing!  Not even a hint of apricot flavor!!! Costly for a candy flavor
It been open nasty want Refund
Not good at all.
Poor quality, dated and old. Had to throw them out.
Low quality product.
Buy something organic....
Candy was expired, and rock hard. Not even edible!!
love this product, but it came crushed this time in my amazon subscription
To watery this time ordering. Usually nice and creamy.
did not taste like dill  too much money for flavor
It is good tea but went up $20.00 a box in one month
I am a little disappointed, so much candy but it is so stale. I wonder how old it really is.
they arrived discolored and broken.  super disappointed. never again
I could not stand the taste.
Was already expired when delivered.
Do not recommend at all! I throw mine away. They are way to salty.
They all tasted the same and was bad
I really did not like the taste of these snacks.  I will not buy again.  Thank you.
I was expecting a paste per that is what i was looking for but is really liquid cream.
I have never eaten a worse lean cuisen meal.  Immediately made my stomach nauseous.
Just ground coffee without any added flavor.  And Now I have two.
Tiny little piece of crap
My box was open and all the pop tarts crushed.
The size and quality of the product was disgusting.
This is not an actual bbq sauce,it is a marinade
I had no use for a bag of crushed mints. Waste of money.
Thought we were ordering something else web site questions
Soggy stale taste. Pretty disappointed.
We received the wrong product.
It tasted awful. I ended up spitting it back out. Had the texture of dry squid mixed with cat food.
Mayo was spoiled upon arrival!!!!  I want my money back!
This product arrived broken.  I would like a replacement.
So I was sent loose leaf tea not bags of tea
All the cream was yellw
Upon opening the first tin, there was a horrible oder. Rancid. All the tins have gone bad.
Whoa!!! Bad, bad, bad product with weird flavors.
Flavor disappears after a few minutes.  Not worth getting.
Value was okay if they were not stale
Died within a month.
Disgusting!! Seriously, the fat from wild camels humps? Gross.
The product came not sealed. Was afraid to eat it not knowing if it was tampered with
I would never pay this much money for hot sauce that is not even hot !!!
Only 2 lids and very cheap  nuts  . Waste of money
PRODUCT CAME IN BROKEN
The aftertaste is just horrible. Had to throw it away.
I got bad cucumbers . They came to me already damaged and I threw them away
This product was inedible. Do NOT purchase it! I wish that I could return it.
Did nothing for my BP. Tasted just ok. Missed return date otherwise I would have returned.
It expired 6 months before the purchase!
When it arrived all of the candy was melted. I had to throw it all away.
There is sand in it
Waste of money , tastes like watered down ketchup. No flavor at all.
It comes out 3/4 water
Item is a 48 ounce bag instead of the 64 ounce bag that is pictured.
There is no relationship between this product and the taste of coffee.  Do not waste your money.
Just ok. Made with all nuts.
terrible stomach aches after drinking these even when watered down
Did not dissolve in water and irritated  stomach
watermelon for second time was inedible, too ripe
Horrible, flowers arrived brused and wilted
So blend and did not Tasted good at all
Got the order today 8/15/20 and the bags say best by 7/22/20.
Did not taste the pineapple much at all. Water had a milky consistency.
The bag was very small and the price was to much for what I received.
Ordered too much got stuck with it a total waste. Too pricey! Total disappointment.
Dough was nasty.
thought it was going to be a more solid texture but they were mushy and did not taste right
I thought the product would last a few months, not two and a half weeks.
All of the muffins were smashed!
Made completely stale popcorn that tasted like packing peanuts
Contains full without cleaning, flavor not good, not recommended.
You can buy Planters Salted Peanuts 56 oz. for $8.29 elsewhere.  Be sure to read the find print
Just paper! NOT EDITABLE!! Very disappointed
The turned out nasty  hard as a rock go find another company for this
They smelled bad and tasted worse.
Disliked everything about this product, taste , freshness were horrible
Horrible call thing was melted
Exp date Dec 30, 2020too soon
poor quality produce is the rub against Fresh
Every cracker was broken
Disgusting no one likes the taste, waste of money
Taste is not good at all. Can really taste the mushrooms. Like drinking powder. Did not mix well.
Redemption of the promo credit was a nightmare
Box was open upon delivery. K-cup pods were missing.
Came in unsealed plastic bag without original manufacturer sell-by date. Threw away.
One bag was open all over box
I so wanted to like these but the texture is terrible.  in the trash they went.
I had hopes of liking it because I like buckwheat pancakes.  But, I do not like it at all.
The box is full of old candy we could not even eat it. Buy the bigger bars they are more fresh.
This product is artificial tasting!!! Am very disappointed!
This product has no taste at all, nor does it stick to your pasta.
Every time I have tried this product it is soggy and wet to the point of trash or compost
Colors dulled. Bought for fun at work. Had to throw away. Coworker cracked tooth.
I bought these for my sister, expensive & she hated them
Meh. Ok taste. Small over priced
This capsule is not for nespresso. Much larger. But I cannot refund!!!!! How can I do???
The worst order -the jelly was spoiled and I will have to throw it away.
Not a fan. These had a funky smell and funky taste. I did not enjoy. They were also pretty pricey
super bummed about these! the pack i got ended up being super dry and not spicy :/
They were too expensive. When I received them they were all smashed and melted.
A google search says they are edible.... but we threw it away :(.
20 lollipops in a box and half the box of them are broken.
The gummies are thick and not good.
Not as pictured were suoossed to be full size eggs and they were mini
Disappointed!! Bought 2 bags and both were old..
Package was sealed, but we received dried out old beans, which were useless.
Not happy because it is past the best by date!
No directions and tastes well you know not too good. Will not buy again.
I expected fresh but received old candy
They have a bad after tast, they are bad and molded.
The noodles really tasted artificial.
Not the best. You get what you pay for. Spend the extra money and get the good stuff
Bland. I would not buy again.
Expensive just go to target 3$ a can
Broken coins and stale old chocolate. Seems like they were last year's chocolate coins
little content and its like a soup
It was super nasty. I wasted my seafood. Never will buy again
Like many others said in the reviews, arrived in a small box and not in original packaging.
Arrived totally melted and unusable, after arriving much later than expected.  Very disappointing.
Just disgusting.  SO SALTY. Do yourself a favor, do not buy this.
You are getting a small bottle for the price. I would not reorder.
Awful product (chocolate is missing and/or out of place) - do not waste your money!
These were awful.  Hard as a brick.  Could not eat, threw in the trash.
Best ever addition for teh Manhattan you make your own and for your closest and dearest!
Received DAMAGED
Bought two boxes. BAD DATE.
Received a different flavor than expected.  Multiple markings on box.
Candy was smashed upon arrival
There are 32 pieces of candy in this bag.
then this is for you
Does not have a strong lemon flavor and does not taste great.
i bought this as a inexpensive gift but it arrived all in crumbs! cannot give it as a gift.
I received the wrong item!! I got rose hip jam instead of the rose petal jam pictured!!
Box was open candy missing!!
Absolutely rancid! Had to return.
No taste , had bad texture , extremely disappointed
It was damaged,  broke open and not useable
Nothing that possibly pass for pasta no matter what sauce you put on it.
Just pour salt shaker in your mouth! That is what it taste like.
Tomatoes unusable--- full of large black moldy spots
The product arrived unsealed and spoiled. No returns. Feeling very frustrated.
Not sure if I got a new product or a return due to the seal being broken already.
Why would you send expired food? Not good.
Was VERY small. Things listed, were not in the box. Definitely not worth the price tag. 
Old and brittle....Imparted a disgusting chlorine flavor to the rice...
Says pure maple extract, and it is not. It is full of garbage.
Dry, no flavor, probably would use 2 at a time
When I finally received my candy they were all stuck together and did not taste very good
These are NOT gluten free snacks.  Out of all the packages in the box, only one was gluten free.
Received melted and leaking gel pack.
Not adequate cooling pack totally damaged chocolates
No flavor A lot of leaves not only from linden tree I have to throw it away .
These sunflower seeds taste terribly
I will never by this product again. Taste aweful!
The syrup is great except it arrived with a loose cap and sticky syrup everywhere.
It says 8 packs of 6 for a total of 48. Only one pack arrived fo I only got 6. Annoying.
I put it on pizza and I almost puked. Definitely not for me.
Just water i end up paying monthly plus minmum $35. ADA need to sue. I mean water ... !!!
This product is caramel flavor not pumpkin pie. There is no option to return.
Do not waste your money. This has no flavor!!
All 3 boxes came in broken, pretty much a complete waste of time and money.
When I received my order it was melted and ruined!
All 3 cans came significantly dented.
I bought 5 packages, but Only 2 weeks left before the expiration date. Very disappointed.
Great cheese. Fast shipping!
Very deceiving! What appeared to be a 12 pack turns out to be ONE $8 can of Celsius. Buyer beware.
spoiled  and sent another one. it was also spoiled.
Fraudulent description 5oz bottles are actually 2oz bottles
My cherries were rotten and mushy I am very upset because cherries are not cheap.
I did not like the salt it almost make it seemed fake I would have liked to get my money back
Nasty, and very expensive...wasted my money!
Tasted like metal. All jars. Bought other times so I know something was wrong
Right to the trash
Gross. Tasteless. I would give zero stars if possible.
I did not like the flavor
Only 7 marshmallow s in pkg.
Was hoping it would be a little sweeter. Had a spice flavor.  Not pleasant
I Js bought a 32oz. Same brand At Ralph's for $5
Moldy inside when opened. Very nasty color and slimy.
Broken pot and not blooming. Does not look like what I ordered. Really disappointed.
Horrible!! Its spiked my husbands blood pressure so high---worse then ever 
Taste just is not it for me.  Some may like so do not take my review to serious.
Horrible taste, you literally have to chew thru it, would never buy again
Not crunchy. Soft and tasted stale/soft
Unfortunately the items arrived melted when we open up the box
Flowers arrived in great shape but the buttons never opened.
They were totally melted when they arrived. Most were melted last time I ordered them.
They made me very sick to my stomach
These taste awful! Do not waste your money, look for another brand!!
not for everyone. would not buy again.
, it says it contains a few things but it is only
Product so smashed, flat as a pancake
Double strength has very little ginger taste. Do not waste your money.
Definitely not worth the money! Tiny bag!
Ordered this on April 2023, but it had already expired on March 2023.
These candies are seconds.  Most are broken in half.  Disappointing for candies at a premium price.
Made my coffee taste sour 
Horrible taste! Wish I could return. Sugar free Hershey's brand chocolates are much better.
Expired in 2020 !
Stale Very stale. And I cannot get money back
I thought these were overpriced and almost tasted stale...will not buy again.
"37 grams of added sugar.  Not exactly the type of plant you would hope for in a ""plant based"" drink."
Big stems inside, 30% of product and smells like a petroleum off smell.
I received this two days ago. It is expired.
Unusable . All crackers were broken and crunched up. Had to throw away the whole box.
Do not waste your money, I could not even drink it and I am not picky!
The product arrived damaged. I am unable to return it... disappointed
These companies need to stop with the agenda garbage already, will now never buy Skittles again.
This product did not taste well to me !  It needs much in the flavor department!
These are medium sized tapioca pearls and can not be returned even though they say large.
Product arrived with all of the individual bags split where they were joinedstale!
Cannot stand the taste and upset that I cannot return or get a refund
This tasted and smelled like vomit! Absolutely disgusting.
Product arrived separated and inedible. Requested refund.
Candy was hard and old
Long shipping time.  Cannot request a refund for the item.  Will not order again!
BEWARE!! This is a small single can. ONE CAN!! I just spent $25 on a 10oz can of lemonade.
Got deliverd 3/31 both boxes expire 4/24. Not cool.
Did not send all of my order.  Should have been 6 - 1 lb. bags.  I only received 5 -1 lb. bags.
Rancid and within a month of being out of date. To bad. Will not be a repeat customer
It smells weird and has dark spots. Going to the thrush.
Very cheap and small
The coating was crystalized sugar and way too sweet to eat.
They overcharged me and were non responsive.
Flavor good, good value- damaged and NOT returnable as stated when ordered.
It had half of the items lisred
Stale but expiration date was still good.
This product needs to be packed so that the cookies do not get crumbled and crunched
It is very liquidy. It is supposed to be more like a paste. Also one one bottle the seal was broke
False advertisement. Not the product that is pictured...
When I received it, the plant was wilted. I ended up tossing it after a week as it did not make it.
Only one 2 oz package was delivered instead of 24 2 oz packages. Absurd!
This is not laddoo Besan I m sent normal besan
Taste and smell like medicine. Very disappointed.
Where is the coffee??
Tastes likes ass. Cannot return unused product. Thieves!!!
The cookies were smashed. I got a lot of crumbs.
Expiration date is less than six months, would like to exchange item for lack of freshness.
I am sorry but this is not tasty at all.
These apples went bad after 3 days.
Tastes like granulated coconut water. This is the worst coconut cream I have ever tried.
These were not for me, they were a bit hard to chew and the taste was not the best.
All the cans were rotten. It was separated and beige in color. And could not get my money back.
Not moist and lacked flavor
Looked quickly and saw a 3 pack. Fine print says it is only one
VERY OLD CANDY. WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN. LOOKS LIKE IT WAS PURCHASED YEARS AGO AND NEVER SOLD.
Way overpriced. Do not buy unless you like paying double
I order half a pound, it was not sliced. Not sure why it if this normally comes this way.
They taste like soap! Really weird.
This is how it was delivered and i cannot return it . Doy but it 
The flavor is awful.  Looking for something to replace my Island coconut coffee and this is NOT it!
Will not be ordering again. Arrived today with 11/22 Best by date
They did not pop!
Very small for a gift
Could not even eat it. Bad!
Came open and all contents spilled out
Received wrong item!!
The package came completely crushed along with the product. Plus the product was stale.
I ordered a box of 12 sugar free caramel topping and received a box of 11.
Trash spend your money on Torani at least their syrup has flavor.
This product was stale!
Taste is horrible! Total waste of money:(
Very bitter Gave away
Every Single item that I had ordered is badly damaged and outdated.
Did not taste good. It had a weird after taste. Will not buy again.
Very limited M & Ms and where are the almonds? Lots of peanuts and raisins.......
Sent to my Son for his birthday. He said it tasted old and bland.  Will not order again
They arrived broken.
None of them is grow. I planted couple time.
very thin - arrived broken. gold only on one side white on the other side
Orange Pekoe should not be mentioned. I received a regular Red label.
These suck. Enough said.
Iitem was open and leaked I replaced it want refund. Original and my replacement.
Arrived opened and unsealed! I had to throw it out
Absolutely horrible. Zero flavor and zero heat. What is the point?? And cannot be returned.
These taste awful,  had to throw them away.  The texture made me gag.
My kids thought it tasted terrible and I do not disagree 
When we opened the box the packaging was open and the pieces were severely broken
Love the concept; however, mine came unsealed and I had to throw it out before I could try it.
Dislike product as poor flavor and difficult to even chew they are so hard.
Gross. After it was popped it tasted old and rotten. Had to throw the bag away.
This product arrived weeks late and was spoiled.
Very overpriced.. found this product at Kroger way less expensive per pound. Same wrapping..
These do not taste like coconut or coffee. I found them very distasteful.
Melted  had to toss in trash
All cans were dented product..  Terrible.
Received stale. Could not return or get refund
I am bummed I ordered this as I now have so many packages of noodles I will never eat.
As in hockey. Do not freeze if you hope it remains edible.
Ad is a lie. Only received 1 box not 12. No response when I compkainedand asked for a refund.
Great flavor but BROKEN to bits and pieces!! Not one complete cookie....bad value for the price!
Umm... these taste like how i imagine farts to taste.. gross.
The package was open and the ground ginger was all over the box
i would rank this low.  it is just a noodle cup, and the noodles are not that good
This was not fermented it was rotted.
These were stale and seller would not do anything about it!!
All of the chips are broken but the box is fine.
These are not edible they are really bad tasting
extremely stale ...not edible!
Absolutely horrible!
Born in Indonesia. This green curry paste sucks.
taste did not match all the rave reviews. bad aftertaste, very fake flavoring.
Both my wife and I (separately) think the product tastes soapy.
Waste of money. So old and stale they could not be eaten.
Description says pack of 6 but only 1 box sent two times
Terrible experience! My worst in Amazon History!  Davids Cookies would be appalled!
Received 6 bars in tact. 1  bar was broken and did have a wrapper(very stale). Disappointed!
Not as good of flavor as I remember, kind of stale.
Tasted worse than cardboard.
Warning. Item arrived broken and damaged but it can not be returned.
One cherry in the pack. Not as much variety. Disappointed.
This product made my family ill!!
"Fills you up, but is not tasty."""
These came to me all moldy, very disappointed
Threw away product molded
These arrive stale and inedible.  Ridiculous for the price.
Sell-by date (Feb 6) was off - we opened the milk on feb 6 and it was already curdled.
With shipping this comes out almost $20 a can. How absolutely absurd
These pods do not work with a Keurig 2.0.
The box had ants and it is about expire
Received empty envelope.
Definitely had a bad batch
Airplane food is better
Absolutely Disgusting! But you do not know until you try...
Very badly crushed. Crumbs
This fish was spoiled. It was not the the seasoning. I got bad fish.
Woo, these are really nasty. Like really really nasty
both packages were wet and moldy inside.
How many years did this sit on the shelf?  I had to throw it out; inedible.
The bottle arrived broken with the sauce all over the packaging. I would like refund please.
Horrible tasting.
Received very stale
Had no flavor. Not worth buying
The product sent to me was expired by 4 months!!
I will not re-order
Coffee is good however many of the pods damaged and unusable Disappointed
Small box,ice melted dogs were red hot. Had to throw hot dogs in garbage. Waste of a lot of money
These were not great! Very hard and the flavor was not all that great
The fact that you cannot return it!!!
I have paid for good Jamaica Blue Mountain. This tastes like Folgers.
Tastes very similar to standard Oreos.
Literally tastes like straight chemicals- cannot be healthy to injest!
Revived shrimp almost expired
These were past the expiration date! Do not buy!
One jar was leaking. I am going to return it next week
Very pretty, but ripped before I could use on my cake
I received them today, and they were broken so I cannot write a review about flavor.
Could not try it. Arrived in smashed jar
Packaged beautifully. I was warned about the overwhelming sweetness and flavor, but did not listen.
When I received this product it was moldy & therefore not edible. They have a no return policy too.
Product was not good and very expensive for the amount of product in the bag.
So dry they are like pressed sawdust. No flavor. Waste of money.
Received this today and it is so dry and crumbly.  Disgusting.
JESUS, WHAT IS THIS STUFF? IT JUST SUCKS
Not worth it for the price!
Unable to get a replacement and a bit annoyed. Bottle is busted and spilled all in the package.
Not what I expected!
First time trying it and no one out of 6 people liked it. The kids thought it was cat food
Arrived late and open , now I must throw it away as I do not trust the safety these candies
Half the cups in the box were smashed
Was not crazy over the taste
I threw this product in the trash bin--there was no way these could be given to someone for Easter.
not like picture no package
I actually need to return this. The candies taste bad.
Bottom of container was broken, open and not sealed.  It says no returns
I was a little tu pike... too gross for kids...
Hated the taste.
Received the box, but all granola bars inside were past their expiration date.
Both bags were stale tasting.  My friends tried also and thought the same thing.
Not the real thing.
It does not taste good at all
Not worth the price!
The flavor was horrible and left stomachs feeling awful. Will never buy again.
There is a hole in the package
I threw them away can not take a picture
These were extremely small. It is two small lobster tails cut In half. The bag was light as air.
was charged 14.00 for 1 bag, was not small muliple bags
Was Not pleased with the size
This product came broken with syrup leaking out the bag.
Has a smell of rancid ! Actually the almonds taste like rancid!
Picture pretty much sums it up. Does that look edible to you?
Although they are vacuum packed they were stale and I had to throw them away. Waste of money.
SPOILED QUALITY -- RANCID TASTING -- CANNOT EAT -- FELT SICK -- TRIED TO MAKE IT WORK!
Nothing like rice.  Disappointing flavor.
The jar had popped upon and leaked inside the package unsafe to use this way therefore unusable
Was crushed under two 8 packs of power aid
Smelled like dirt after I open. Not good in color and aroma. Not recomend.
Too pricey  $3.40 / Pound!!!
When I the gun got here it was dry and horribly tasting. It seems very old
They are not very red. Bought the to make cherrie chocolates.  Hope they taste better than they look
when I was a kid this was the best. now its like trying to eat rawhide. waste of money
You will not get the aroma but will give you the color
I know my beans.....these were not fresh.
Would be so convenient if it actually tasted good. Terrible flavor.
This was to be a gift. It came damaged, but is ineligible for a return.
I did not like it.  It is made of rice paper.  I love spring rolls, but not this bacon.
This is not as good as the noodles the taste is like cardboard no matter what you put in it
These are nit the regular mats bars I am used to. I will never but these again.
Extremely fishy. Could not even finish the first pack!
Arrived warm and brown. Gross. Smelled really bad.
Seltzer not balanced in proportion to the fruit flavor
I would not waste the money again on this package. Over half of it was $ .25 pieces of candy.
Sodium content per serving is 2,560mg which is 111% of daily intake allowance.
Photos are misleading.  Plants were not healthy.
Received product on May 3 with the expiration date of May 2022!
Received old product that was dried out garbage!
Was shocked when I took my first spoon a tasted it,  not going to buy again ever.
Since my first feedback Amazon did not allowed me to submit.... in few words ... SAVE YOUR MONEY!
This coffee do not have good flavor
All the cans were crushed and dented in!!!
Not as advertised.
Inedible product
Tasted nasty according to my teenager who loves Cream Soda.
This is not a 2lb bag, it is more like a 1/2 lb bag.
Very dry and tasteless.
These cookies arrived at my house both open and broken up.
I ended up not using most of them because they did not work in my Keruig
Purchased for Christmas gift and candy was stale and hard.
The package did not include rosemary biscuits.  2 packages of bay biscuits.
Extremely disappointed. False advertising. And now I have to fight to return it.
Bad taste, combination of overcooked butter and yuck.
Stale and not edible at all. Not eligible for return is b.s.!
Expensive for 1 thing. Not worth the money taste gross! Do not waste your money or time!!
Very expensive for cardboard bagel! Not what I expected based on how they were advertised !
This mint leaves a horable after taste.
13 dollars for a shot glass of garlic salt rip off
Did not taste fresh at all, way overpriced for the quality. Dense and hard.
Poor Quality Coffee
Chews were extremely hard and tasted old
Waxy chocolate. Crumbly almost peanut-flavored center. Never I will buy this again.
I was going to snack on but did not like them at all.
Did not like the taste.  Ended up tossing the pooped corn in the garbage.  Disappointed indeed
The flavor is just chemical tasting. The consistency of pudding. Would not recommend at all.
Drank 2 cups and the bag went in the trash. Horrible coffee
not worth for price. fishy smell and Taste not so great.
these went completely stale within a month-- freshness date by Aug22 and I get them in JULY!!!???
Who makes tofu not vegan ?
Opened box. Cookies broke up. Horrible.
The bag was broken , open and candy was melted . had to throw away
Not worth the money!
Taste is aweful - very plasticy
The whole can was broken and the tea mix with plastic pieces.never recommend
This product was advertised for x2 but I only received 1 box. Where is my other box?
The breading is tasteless, will not buy again.  Tossing out the rest.
Horrible taste. Company refunded the bottles I had not used.
I was suppose to receive 12 packs but I only received 1 pack and I payed 16.99
I did not think they tasted that great
The capsules were expired by 6 months. Is not a returnable item so ......basically I got screwed!
I am really disappointed about the product. Please do not buy this brand.
To weak like that hint water
The candy was fine, but I paid way too much for it.
The skin of cucumbers is super bitter. I did not realize it before add it to salad.
I LIKE THE PRODUCT HOWEVER ONE OF THE THREE JARS WERE BROKEN
Okay flavor but had pieces of chewy fatty stuff or as another buyer said.....tendons.
Honey came with mold on it. I did not even know honey can mold?
The bars in this box had mold in it. Will never purchase again.
"It is absolutely unacceptable that the delivered bars exceeded the ""best buy"" date."
These arrived March 24, 2018 and they were all expired as of December 2017.
It arrived as a peanut butter brick
This candy was horribly old and dry - DO NOT ORDER!!!!!
Packages arrived damaged and open.  Powder was all over the packaging.  Unusable
The container arrived not sealed and only 2/3 full.
I ordered this Product 4 Times and each time, it tastes rancid. Horrible
Once I opened the box it came in, i noticed some jars had been busted so it came in a big mess.
This is the toughest rib eye ever had.  Even at medium rare.
aluminum packaging is a no no. it crosses blood brain barrier.
The box was nothing but broken pieces. I ordered sticks. Not pieces.
This item arrived open and spilled all over the box and is not eligible for return
They were tasteless and the color was very unpleasant
Arrived broken and unusable! Complete waste of money!!
Product defective,  no way to contact seller for refund or replacement.
will not buy a second time
They came with sticker showing past expiry date
Seasoning is overly salty with NO vinegar flavor.
Mostly Halloween like candy. Definitely does not look like picture. Could not give it as a gift.
Too much chocolate, not enough peppermint. Not my favorite
Tastes horrible. Totally different from original dish. Never purchase again.
Just not what I thought
The taste was not up to the mark
Horrible compared to others I have tried!
Received broken with no way to salvage!
Twice now I have been sent seed that has begun to turn rancid. I am changing to another brand.
I love these but do not order online for this price. They are $2 for the same size box at Walmart!
They tasted like burnt tomato seeds
Only one box received
I did not like it. Waste of money and you cannot return it.
I was not able to use it, the packages were leaking and spilled out in the envelope.
These had gotten wet or were old. Had to throw away.
Did not taste right when mixed and cooked. Would not recommend to anyone.
This product had worms in it as seen in the photo. Never purchasing again!
OMG this is absolutely disgusting! It is oily and smells like vomit.
I ordered the decaf but it does not say decaf anywhere????not on the pods or the box
worst quality ever
Damaged. No replacement policy.
Not strong enough! Diluted
I was disappointed by the taste and smell of the green peppers.  They tasted like dirt.
Did not have a lemon flavor and the product was mushy
It may have 0 acidity but the taste was not to my liking. Going back to Maverick low acid coffee.
this is the toughest popcorn I have ever had. (and probably the most expensive) Keep shopping.
Product was outdated. Seller tried to remove expired date.
It expires a month after I received it.
Somehow it broke within a week
The product did not taste good again.
I have no idea what this is... It has no taste, no smell, and no numbing.
The order was supposed to be 6 packages of brownie mix and I got 1
Did not like the strong coconut taste
Got 2 of these for Father's Day gifts -- old, stale, not fresh - dust on gift box!!!!!!!!
Never order again they showed up melted
you cannot possibly eat this
"Hard shells, not every one pops to a ""mushroom,"" not what I was expecting."
It was spoiled.  A waste.  Very unhappy.
Could not use as inner seal was open
Stick to LaCroix, this stuff taste terrible. Very chemical flavor.
enjoyed them, but I will not be ordering them again. too rich for me.
Does not taste like coffee at all
Hay I use these before, this time they were just old. You cannot beat them when they are fresh.
The taste is different. It was too soft & flavor Is not even close to what it used to be.
No flavor very weak coffee
Very cheap. It kept curling on the ends.
Scam alert. It says12 bags in the description and was only one box with 3 bags. Stay away
Totally greasy tasting and received half thawed.
They should write that they are small bottles, I did not look at the oz. , total waste of money.
Mom did not like the taste, and it stuck to her dentures.
Only got 18 of them with 3 different designs.
There is an aftertaste of marshmallow, but I cannot get over the gritty texture.
Description stated pack of 6. Only 1 arrived.
I want a refund due to the product being damaged and contaminated by everything in the box.
Every single package has crushed pop tarts!!!! Its hortible
Did not have Aunt Jemima on it.
There is one cup of oatmeal for $7. Do not buy!
Water down coffee.
do not buy it, it tastes terrible
no coffee or peppermint flavor. was weak as coffee and had aftertaste. ugh
So far about half of the cups are rancid and had to be thrown out.
This was nasty.  Do not waste your money on this
It was covered in mold. My child almost ate this. Do better amazon!
Spoiled. Expiration date too soon upon receipt. Waste of money.
Priced very high!!!! No reason for this.
The new and improved is anything but!  Bring back the original one, it was much better.
Hated these mine were all the same flavors and the flavor was HORRIBLE!!!
These were not that great. Manageable maybe...
Products damaged
Awful product will not order again
It is already expired when I got it. What a rip off.
Tastes terrible, very bitter and had a chemical plastic taste. Threw it away.
Hard as rocks. The whole box was old.
Taste was not even edible and the after taste was foul.  Could not even return product.
Where exactly is the cinnamon? Very weak cinnamon flavor. Very disappointed.
even squirrels will not eat these.
This was not worth 15 dollars
Tasted aweful!!! Nasty aftertaste!!!
it does not pop well at all. maybe old?
The size is too small
Received the item very melted and semi hardened into a big glob
The coffee in this pack was awful! Most cups were either empty or stale. I would not reorder this!
Had to rinse MANY times in order to get rid of the fishy smell!!! Noodles were rubbery!
It was too runny
They are very hard like jawbreakers taste does not last long favor is not grape
The taste seems not quite of real almond.
The chocolates were melted. I was very disappointed. Too messy to eat.
This is how i recieved it. Its unusable and it says not eligable for return.
There were stale and I wanted a refund!! They went in trash not edible at all!
Should be a $5 gingerbread house
I only got 3 packs instead of 4
The original is better than these!!!!! These are awful.
Very good product but arrived with broken lid.
Paid for 6, only received 4.
Choc flavor is.the best and.served cold. strawberry not good.4me.
I have to eat like a whole box to feel like I satisfied my craving.
It has high fructose corn syrup.
VERY hard to get the spray going! So gave up!
13.5 Oz. for $5.23 with free 3-day shipping to store any of their stores in Colorado.
They only send you six not 12. the product description is wrong.
Box came open. Normally not too big of an issue but considering its food it is not acceptable
Worst peanuts I  have ever had. No taste and nuts were hard. Will never buy again.
They do not accept returns. I usually pay this much for 3x the product. VERY DISAPPOINTED
It tastes weird. I do not recommend it.
Arrived hard, not nice and chewy was not expired arrived sealed
Opened package with missing individual bags from inside.
All the eggs are broken. Terrible product.
Product is stale due to every package having a hole or not tied properly at the top.
Almost ended in the hospital after consuming this candy.
Expected noodles, this is only for the soup base.
Stale.  Date good, but stale. Cannot even eat them.
Every box was a solid, melted together rotten mess.
Product was broken into small pieces.
This smells and tastes disgusting
Ended up returning these. They were either very bland or just sweet with no distinct flavor.
Nothing but hot pepper in the jar. Never buy again
Little disappointed they expire 19 days after buying.
Cooked up so tough. Not happy
We used to love these mentos. Unfortunately, these just happened to be hard and stale.
This tastes absolutely horrible. One bite and I threw out the entire jar. Waste of money.
No flavor at all. So bland. Weird texture. Would not recommend at all!
Finally a decaf teabag that has some flavor. My go to ice tea!
It made 10months ago. How it send to customers.
Cans were dented. Looks like they were just resold from someone is personal pantry.
It was hard to chew..too much grizzle
Worst abdominal pain ever.  Omg awful DO NOT BUY THESE
Only buy! Bread all stuck together cannot even peel apart and cannot return, waste of $
Did not like the taste, the nibbles do not break down or melt.
Does not use Swiss method to decafinate.
This product came with a big dent in the can.  Can you spell b-o-t-you-l-i-s-m?  And nonrefundable.
Different characters shipped than picture
Tomatoes were not fresh!
"All of the cans were smashed-the post office delivered it anyway stating the box ""exploded""."
I get these from Walmart all the time. These have some weird flem stuff in them.
Not recommended. Threw mine away after a few days
Tasted like burnt coffee.  Threw it out
Terrible does not have any taste I will Not buy again from this supplier
Taste like biting into a block of parmigiana cheese! I did not like any flavors.
The entire top crust--the best part--comes loose when you try to slice off one piece of this bread.
This is how my candy canes arrived!!!
Received it with damaged package today. Hard to give review about the product quality.
No stars,  product was over priced.  My error .  What was I thinking .
Arrived like this...
This was a sugar. Not a glitter.  It is not as advertised
I usually love this pasta! However this time around not so much. All my noodles melted like cheese.
Tasted very processed. Way too much money for this product!! Throwing it away!
One can was broken and spilled all over the packaging. Another can was not even the right drink
It showed up melted together and discolored.
Goodbye money. Hello wiser for the experience. Never again.
Mango was flavorless. I love sour rope candy, but this flavor was a flop.
Stale and hard. Very disappointed.
The sugar was hard not powdery at all. I use this type and brand all the time. This was the worst
Arrived broken and does not have option to replace 
Extremely disappointed because this is sickly sweet and has very little spice to it at all.
The taste of this was horrible!,,,We threw out all of it
It is a bottle of water with way less than a hint of flavor
These hearts came to me all sticky and not good.
I simply got no growth on any of my dishes.
Too sweet. I prefer what Snapple bottles!
This item had multiple pods in various boxes that were open and had coffee spilled out
We tried some of their bars and they were delicious. We threw this out after one bowl.
The gold strip was broken
Thrown in a bog loose all together. They all arrived crushed.  Very disappointing.
WAY OVERPRICED!Mistakenly purchased, I thought was a box of 12. Did not come in original packaging.
I bought these at CVS in Boston.  They are so overwhelmingly salty I had to throw them away.
I Do Not Know if it is just me, but it kind of tastes chemically
These cinnamon sticks have no flavor or scent.
It was a waste of money!
To much cinnamon!
arrived a melted mass. very disappointed.
A total rip-off for the price!
Bought product in December 2022 and they were outdated since July 2022 plus they tasted stale.
You can buy 4 of these in google express, same exact size
It tastes so artificial that it tastes like plastic. Threw it away.
Extremely weak, I had to push through three to maybe equal one cup and still tasted  diluted.
Unfortunately I  waste my 24 hours work.  Chocolate came out so bad.  So disappointed
I was dumb to pay their price. Next time I will do better research.
Does Not stick to popcorn even with butter. The most flavor you will get out of these is the smell.
The taste leaves a chemical after taste!  Do not like.
Small bottle but the shipping cost is too expensive.
Not in a cup..or for teen snack they can handle calories.
Not worth the money
THIS PRODUCT HAS ASPARTAME IN IT SEE PHOTO.
I tried the breakfast blend.  No taste nor aroma.  Non-returnable, unfortunately.
It was not real chesse cake it tasted like cake icing I will never  purchase  again.
Best thing I can say is, it might pull out a loose tooth... Try something else if you want edible.
Loses flavor in a couple of minutes.  You can keep chewing it, but it turns slightly bitter.
Product was open when received
It was ruined!! Oily and gross  Have never seen this dressing look how these did.
Not great flavor, seemed stale, no roast date on the bag to verify freshness
Look cute. Taste terrible. Do not waste your money. I did.
Crackers came broken into the pieces and I cannot return
Did not receive lifesaver gummies instead original hard candies
Tried two replacement orders and product arrived unrefrigerated and melted everytime.
The package arrived damaged with a hole in the bag. Some product was all over the box
I received two chocolate, one white chocolate, and no caramel
too spicy too much lemon or lime quite sour
Do not buy this item the candy melt was not red they were pink they were not in the same package
It tastes very greasy. I am putting these chips out for believe it or not the birds!
Product showed up separated and a green/brown color. Absolutely disgusting looking.
Package arrived as shown in photos but Amazon does not offer replacements for this item.
let yeast do its  job
It is watery now, it is not the same product
This chocolate was so melted together and dried out. Discolored!!!!! Did not even use it!
This package came to me completed crushed and completely unusable. Just ridiculous.
Do not taste great and are hard. Not worth the money.
Terrible for the price
Yuck! The texture was odd and the flavor was forced. Oh well!
"For treatment of eyes.  Don""t know yet.."
The box was not damaged but the cookies or house was hit by a hurricane .
RECEIVED TODAY 7/27/20 - EXPIRED 5/14-20
But she still broke it off with me
This tastes fantastic though I only received one jar in the twin pack.
Frozen and exploded in the package
They were old and stale..
Super cheap and not worth the price! This is extremely small and basic. What a rip off!!!
Product was delicious but the quantity received was not worth $10.50 (lesson learned)
Just received the order and it expires tomorrow.
The entire box is getting ready to expire and taste old.
I love kimchi but this sucks!!
This item smells like medication and tastes gross diluted and used appropriately
they were crumbs when they arrived...expensive crumbs.
Expiration is really close!
It was melted on to the plastic wrapper.  It tasted disgusting.
Did not like the taste of the tea.
Was open and just came with 3/4 of sugar.
I opened the box and it was missing one ! Cannot see to figure out how to complain so here it is !
The spice drops had no flavor. That was the point.
Do not buy this product.  Very poor packaging and the sage leaves were black and moldy.
Terrible! No cake, all fruit.
Not a good flavor - tasted like alcohol.  Wish I could return.
Absolute junk. Do NOT waste your money on this. Super cheap looking.
The product has a bad after taste. I wish I could return.
These go bad in less than 2 days.
Far, far cry from Lasagna.  It should have some semblance to lasagna for that to be on the box.
Disappointed. Gross. no one will eat this garbage
definitely order this product is you do not mind breaking a tooth or two.
Terrible taste. Does not taste like Chiclets. Very disappointing.
Taste and texture.
Way too expensive
I regret buying this
It and the tuna caused same food poisoning affect!
It is a VERY EXPIRED PRODUCT.  Use by date is 3/21/20!!!!
RED ANTS IN THE BAG
Arrived open and had to throw away. Totally inexcusable.
Stuck together!! Melted!!!! On inside almost all
This was old, gross, made me feel sick!
Can was bent beyond use. Can opener would not open. The box it arrived in was undamaged.
Total ripoff. Only received 1 small packet of gum.
I only got one packet out of the 6 smh.
This item is terrible and has lead in it
The package was damaged. The lid was broke and the M & S were spilt all over.
Arrived broken. Leaked all over the box!!
I ordered this at the end of July 2021 and noticed both bottles have an expiration date of 15MAY21
Product Expired in May 2021.  Received product in July 2021.
The flavor is barely reminiscent of lemon, and rather than a jell candy texture, it is mushy.
Price gouging. $100 for fruit?
My children hate the complex flavors.
i would not buy this again  its only oil and vinegar  very deceptive from the label
They taste horrible. I cannot give them away.
Cookies arrived broken.  There was only one whole cookie.
Has no taste not worth the money. Will not buy again.
This is what I imagine cat poop tastes like. Enough said.
Tasted like bug spray. Literally like chemicals, not good at all
Great product but i received mine already open!!
It is not daily chef!
Not aromatic very disappointed
Wrong product delivered Not the original product made in England
My candy is stale. No good
Very disappointed,  this item was a gift and it arrived broken!
Hard as a rock. Were these made in 2003? They tasted like they were 15 years old.
Each time ordered disappointed. More  than half are old or moldy.
.  Received expired
Old coffee, stale flavor and worst part I am not able to return!!! Buyer beware!!!
Did not like the after taste
The description on this item says pack of 6... I only received 1 bottle!
These were almost dead
Weak coffee will never buy again no flavor
Not half as sour as thet used to be.
Way, way overpriced. If this is over $6, do not buy it.
I did not like it  taste as a  flour. Not good enough  then, not chocolate
showed up with a hole in it so I could not use it...
My grandkids would not eat it. They all 3 said it tasted like detergent.  Very disappointing.
They do not fit my Keurig.  Really not happy happy since you advertise as k cup!
Item says 16 chocolates. It only has 12. That and it is much smaller than you might think.
Taste is not even close to expectations, which are based on Squirt. Will not buy again.
it was runny and had very ew strawberries - will not buy again
These are NOT Necco Canada mints, they are Rito.  Returning-false advertisement!!!
Tiny and turned moldy the next day. Disappointed.
This does not taste good at all..
These taste like kids cough medicine. I was so disappointed.
Piece of paper. Not what I expected not worth the money. Disappointed.
If i could give 0 starts I would, you are charging too much money for that
Like when you advertise on the page it is a 12 pack, you expect to get 12 of them, not 6.
No matter what you try l, it will not whip into whipping cream, so do not  try.
Received them today. Frozen.  Solid as a rock.
These are so terrible I threw them away
I did not like the texture of these. They also did not absorb much flavor.
Tasted burnt and did not look like the picture on the bag.
Looked bigger. Had like 10 Milkys paid $10, tin is cute but ridiculously priced!
Every piece of candy in every roll was broken. They were unusable to pass out on Halloween.
All candy packages came OPENED!! Extremely unsatisfied and I cannot even return these items..
Consistency of baby food
Threw in garbage and would not buy again
Not for diabetics too sweet
product was not edible and out of wrapper
Bad tasting gummy stuff, Yuck!
Product was melted and broken in pieces.
Seal was broken upon arrival, oil all inside packaging. Product unusable
Not fresh. No odor, very, very stale taste. No date on bag either.
I will stick to Old Bay. This is just salty.
Although the expiration date says 9/22  items came in with mold on them
Like most that it was water.  Liked least that it was not members mark.
Nasty! Do not waste your time
Was not a fan of the taste and I love coconut flavored anything.
Arrived with broken glass and no intact bbq sauce. Will not let me replace items.
Item not as described I ordered Dark Maple Syrup & received Amber.  Disappointed.
Tastes completely different. Why did you change formulation?
Taste like Cardboard will NEVER order again
Do not waste your money these are expensive and tiny, no flavor and very mushy. Yuck!
Do not order this.
I never got the product.
Very disappointed. Even the high price, some pieces are so hard and smell bad.
Items were smashed
Expired. Robbed of my money.
to greasy and salty
Hard as a rock in the middle
In my opinion this cannot be healthy to consume as it tastes like melted plastic.
Peppers are more than 50%, less about others. Will not buy it anymore.
Do not buy these last batch washed and mixed with red seeds horrible
not as described!
No fizz, ZERO flavor, vaguely sweet (which is understandable given the name). I do not get it.
This grape flavor was not good!  I threw it away.
Rip off. Literally two small stalks. Not even enough for a side dish.
terrific flavor  the best
Wrong chips received.  Received refund.
The flavour is okay but this would be a snack for children 
This stuff is nasty....
3 of the 5 seasonings were clumped together and could not even use them.
The order arrived broken in the box, and I had to throw it away. Very disappointed!
This is not Mexican Oregano, this is Italian Oregano.  HUGE difference.
2 of the 5 tomatoes had rotten spots. The others were acceptable.
I WANTED TO PUT IT IN FRESH PINCONES BUT NO SMELL
Horrible tasting gum.
It only came with 17.
Awful taste - cannot return it - careful what you buy from this seller.
Stale. Do not buy them!  No returnable
Broken glass bottle ....now I have to clean my mailbox too. I do NOT recommend this!
Nasty..Bad...taste like crap! Sorry. Waste of money. 
Not like the original
I got ripped off. I says pack of 4 and I only got 1 for the price of 8 bucks!
Not at ALL!  The candy was obviously old!  It was hard.  Had to throw it away.
Bottle was cracked open but cannot seem to get it replaced.
They came all melted the insides were rock hard had to throw all away
Purchased 6 boes of Dots, and every box was hard and tasteless.
Tons of fat, it does not taste like sucuk at all.
The product arrived opened and is not usable.
Awful. I will never buy this again.
This product arrived completely broken into pieces.
This does not come as a creamy sauce.....could not return so wasted my money
Product was outdated when it arrived. Very disappointed
Package came and all candy was expired.
I have tried tons of brands of Brazil nuts and these just are not good
Honey was completely crystallized sugar. Return not possible either
They came damaged with no recourse to get refunded or replaced.
It is not the same taste, awful!
The absolute worst tasting almonds I ever put into my mouth.
When I opened the salt the seal was not actually attached. CAN NOT RETURN this item. Not worth it
I ordered regular mayo and received garlic mayo very disappointed because I can have garlic.
Items were damaged but could not be returned...
Upon arrival of package there was a tiny hole,fortunately only small amount of grain fail out.
These flowers were half dead and no gift card!! I would like a refund !
seal was broken- missing bottle- it STUNK and was clearly bad
There was a weird taste to this canned meat, floating in water. Did not like one bit.
Worst ice cream I ever tasted
I would not buy this product again! It has no taste & a total waste of money! Very disappointed!!
I do not know if it went bad or what but there is a really bitter undertone
MY housekeeper said that it did not weigh 5 pounds.
I am not getting the characteristic earl grey flavour from these bags.
These taste so gross!  I gave them away.
One of the worst things I have ever eaten.  Tastes like what I think cardboard would taste like.
This product is marketed as one you can eat raw or bake. It is horrible raw, better if baked.
Made in China.  Should have labeled it as such.  Will return product.
I just cannot. It tastes awful
Garbage, rock hard and stale. Do not purchase off Amazon.
Too expensive for one box of raisins
Arrived banged up and loose in box .
way to much salt
Horrible tasting product. Will not buy again!
I love the product, but why would you send an  expired product.
Tastes really bad
The bag came open. Would love to replace it but not sure how to do that As it says no returnS.
The product is expired by almost 3 months
Just straight up wrong flavor...Wrong Everything!!
I cannot get this to brew correctly?  Is there a special machine that it has to be used in?
The smell was unnaturally unpleasant. It did not seem like anything we should be consuming.
Flavor is very very light maple taste, the texture is like play dough
These taste like clay. Huge waste money
Cooked up gummy and stick.
Product did not taste good.
I would not order these again!!!
They expired within one week of receiving.
They were smashed. I could not eat them. I had to throw them away.
ALL broken. EVERY chip in EVERY package.
Clumpy clumps. Not free flowing. Better to purchase it outside
Quality is definitely less the expected! Will never purchase this online again. I do not recommend
These are definitely not worth the money. Would not buy them again
No return or replace options.  Bag was open and had only 8 beans.
One of the bottles was broken
Yes it tastes good. The ingredients however and terrible and unhealthy.
The whole box came melted..its so disappointed...
Was not as advertised and to expensive
My box was rip the product was smash
The candy was all melted together
Did not notice any difference
They hav an unpleasant taste. They are either old or badly pickled. I need to return them!
Got this in the mail.  There is only one small bag.  For $14.  Will not order this again.
the regular gf chocolate chip cookies are good. these taste like plastic.
4 of the 6 jars leaked, causing a big mess. I had to throw them out to be safe. I cannot recommend.
This product arrived spoiled and inedible.  Save your money
This time it had almost no Strawberry Flavor....not the usual l case at all.
Got my order with broken protection seal. Now i have to throw this away
This tastes and smells horrible! It smells like dry dog food. So sad! I had high hope...
I only received one bag instead of 12 like advertised
It was snsck pack 40 ct but i counted 35
Product when added to hot beverage becomes a  mess!!! Like chewing  crayons !!
BLAND and hard texture. Has an unusual after taste.
It is not sweet at all
Wayyyy too sweet!!!  Cannot eat them.
The aftertaste is awful!  Sorry we ordered two. Terrible!
This product has no flavor what so ever. Frozen ice . I wasted my money. Do not you waste yours.
No flavor at all ,and very dry. description says fruit flavors.
I disliked the taste and texture.
I bought several bags and 80% of them were broken. Essentially they were chips not tostadas.
One of the four came broken open. Wax is not palatable and get stuck in your teeth.
Only received 1 can thought it was 2 kind of. Very expensive for ONE can of beans
Box soaked in fruit punch
The bags were crushed. Not satisfied with item.
It was not what I was expecting. I was disappointed. Threw it away.
Bag was damaged and part of Tea was going out. Disappointed.
I threw them away.
Was definitely not what I expected for the money.
Description does not match product. Contains more than nuts.
no returns was stated on the item listed. very expensive
The picture of the product does not depict the actual size. It is only 1kg. Ripoff
Came with top popped/opened :( Hope it is a fluke since I had high hopes!
I expected a larger quantity of product for the price. Very disappointed!
Terrible the boxing and product broken amd smooshed I want my.money back!
The roasted flavor was to strong for what I prefer.  It was overpowering in my opinion.
All I can say is I wish I had read the reviews....horrible
Unfortunately the item was received after its best by date.
I think I bought fish food oh god these are terrible!
When it arrived all the candies in every box where all melted together very dissatisfied
Bad quality, the tasted old.
Hung this in garage by garbage can and have not seen one dead fly yet. I think I got ripped off.
The kcups arrived on 10/23/19.  The box was marked expired 7/24/2019
I thought it would be nice to experiment with his flavor. Turns out, it is terrible!
Not your typical Campbell soup. The taste is too bland. Sorry do not recommend it.
They where already almost expired
Terrible flavor. Almost turned me away from creamers all together!
At least one of the packets included rotten nuts.
It is completely inedible it is ruined. It is all hardened not one package is fresh.
"Ridiculous. They are so small the toppers are maybe a 1/2"" big.  Threw them out..."
this is add water ONLY - different stuff but same name as the real stuff
I had to throw them away!! They tasted awful
Really lousy taste. I will never buy this product again!
Last batch was fine but I did not notice this was over a year old. How is this acceptable?!
Feels like you are eating chicken mixed with glue.
Arrived damaged and open. Threw out the bag before I could take a photo. Please advise.
Very disappointed. Small variety and four of each.
box and chips wear crushed
Gum falls apart and loses flavor rapidly.
A waste of money. Product was old and hard.
These are gross lol
Looked like someone took a hammer to all of them. Do not waste your money!!!
PRODUCT RECEIVED WITH MANY DENTS IN CAN AND IS NOT ELIGIBLE FIR RETIRN IR EXCHANGE.
Expected for package to be larger based on price.
I did not like these. While they may be a very good product, for my taste they were not good.
These were more like cake than biscotti....
Otherwise,  I love the coffee.
This should be returnable or replaced
Item arrived late or not at all.
Price per an once was the best I found. If you go thru a lot of flax seed, it is a great deal.
I had this purple tea before and loved it.  Too bad this is loaded with sugar
Flavorless...well almost. Not worth trying.
Product came both bottles broken sauce all over box and cannot return or get $$ back
Pretty beat up when arrived
Too much lentil taste. Rice is very small . Did not like the taste
Tasted just of rice cake...
Purchased this item a month ago and just opened it. It is expired. Disappointing.
Arrived leaking. Waste of money since I cannot return. And it made a colossal mess.
Mine appeared to have some hairs in it.
Cookies came broken all unorganized
This stuff tastes awful
Both bags are BBQUE popcorn. Very disappointed.
In my opinion and my opinion only I was not impressed, with all the beef jerky I have tried.
Tastes like when a house burns down smells plus it also tastes like rubber.
They have a strange taste snd texture. I dint like them.
Product was extremely warm melted even the ice pack was warm very disappointed
That sauce was trash , taste like Pizza Hut marinara
Never again sorry not for me.
Very hard to open had to use a box cutter just to make a hole
I ordered the variety pack.  The cinnamon one was good, threw the other one out after trying
Only sent one mix ! No way to contact to reheat the second half of the order
Package sealed and completely empty!
Nasty. Taste rancid, but not expired & properly stored. Worse than the pink meat companies
They was bad old date on it
Not all the seeds sprout
These were rancid. Tasted sour. I called for a credit.
I was very disappointed! I used two teabags and no flavor.
Ordered Prime Day July 2022. Product expired 6/22/22
would NOT buy again, were either old and expired or just not snapple.
Horrible, had one and threw the rest out.
item arrived dirty in zip lock bags, not sealed and spilled
Was not as listed.  Does not work in the vue.  This was not stated. A waste of time.
The product is good, but not the half a bag inside the shipping bag from a hole in the product.
They lemon is more effective
Melt already when I receive....
Every can was dented
Arrived badly dented
came all melted and can not be used for my party
Pay attention to be expiration date..
Eww!This was bleached-out, colorless cherry glop. I will not buy it again!
Hard objects in bars (shells?)
4 out of 8 containers seals are partially opened so we cannot used them anymore
trash can ! yuck
Not soft at all .
Half of the cans were busted open I am not impressed 
Item came melted.
to much money stop order
The flavor was not so good. The cookies tasted like sugar.
Terrible!! Broken and stale Cannot return. Buyer beware!
Such a horrible taste! Never going to buy again.. waist money...
The cheese was spoiled.
Only delivers 1 pack do not orders
Really subpar product.  Not typical of WF in my experience.  It tasted like...nothing.
I order this water every month but the last case had a bad taste.
Now my xmas gift for someone is a mess.
you may be picking stems out for a long time... unless you like stems
Good candy but they all came broken into little pieces
I am not sure if mine was just stale, but I am definitely not wasting money on this anymore.
The worsts ghee ever,! It smells so bad! Please do not ever buy this ghee!
The contents of this purchase  was stale..
No taste. I will not re-order. I have been giving them away.
this is garbage, it is not good for you health, it contains monosodium glutamate (naturalflavors)
Gross and tasteless!!
wrong product information, these kiwi pieces have added sugar and food coloring
thought would be easy to care for died quickly.
product is so damaged and looks very bad.  Candy is exposed from wrappers
Flavor,no comment,softness was like biting into a raw egg.waste of money,buy Herbs, way better.
Peanuts were all crumbled and very small pieces. Do Not buy
Would not issue a refund, so gave away.
Very dry and tough
Tastes like a very old smelly shoe
Ordered this for grandchild in America , arrived really damaged as well as being tiny ! Not happy
Would not order again.
Ordered multiple items, all of which were expired upon arrival. No returns allowed.
Taste awful not good
The bag was filled 1/4 of the way for $11.99!!! Do not buy it; it is not worth it
The taste of this is just horrible yuck!
Nasty is all I have to say
Stale. Taste terrible. Do not waste your money!
It was a open bag
4 out of the 6 expired in Sept 2019. I received it on Feb 1, 2020. See the picture
Almost expired!  Bad taste
It is so tiny, slightly bigger than my fist ... Not worth the $5 at all!
Only received one and it is supposedly a three pack.
Expired chocolate. Seriously?!
Not good! Got a lot in bag, however, was very disappointed in the taste!
It was supposed to be a four pack what a scam
Price gouging much? Absolutely nothing special about these beans. Deplorable seller.
Would not buy again
Did not come with correct amount of items and cannot refund. Would not purchase again
The seal was broken and leaked everywhere.  I had to throw it away.
Tasted gross and smells worse than the taste. 10 out of 10 do not recommend.
It has a very fake taste. I would not buy again.
They tasted old! Would not buy again!
Very hard. Not fresh. Tastes stale
"Did not receive DECAF!"""
Horrible taste and rock hard. Absolutely the worst cc cookie I have ever tasted..in the trash!
No York Mint. York Mint has a much better taste.
Slightly fun to make but you forget that part once you taste it!
These tasted so chalky and gross! Blaghh
Purchased may 2022. Expired feb 2022.
Too green to eat.
These taste like wood chips and regret.
STAY AWAY.  One small bag for $13 was what was delivered.
The product rates terrible
The syrup was not packed well and leaked syrup.
read nutritional info: 15 grams of carbs. Carbs are sugar. this is a scam.
This is not a real honey it turns into sugar looking after awhile!!
It does not have an orange vanilla flavor at all.
Mold on the outside ring of the orange juice bottle.
This is. Pocket side olive oil..beware...and they will not accept returns either.
Did not taste at all like oreo just chocolate
Awful selection. It is literally just a bag of the 2 least popular flavors.
I threw it all out. Could not eat - smelly and nasty. I will never buy this again
Disappointed by this beverage. Tastes very artificial.
Does NOT taste anything like the real Taco Bell sauce
These showed up stale and then I found out there are no refunds.
The dough needs improvement and so does the pepperoni and not enough sauce or cheese.
Not the item picture. Scammed
these were disgusting.
This is the nastiest buttercream ever
I am speechless. The last box I bought just a few months ago had sparkles
I do not know what I expected, but I did not get it. I took one bite and tossed the whole box.
They came expired and smashed
Well it was ok not something for me
This was absolutely disgusting!!! Tasted like I was eating a bar of soap!
Arrived with the main pieces broken.
I tried a few bags these are terrible. They taste nothing like cheese puffs.
Delivered with 14 months to pull date. Must have been stored in a horribly hot warehouse. Or worse.
Total rip off and no returns.
Beware! Every single bite has stones in it.
Very disappointedin the flavor,plus rubbery
Unhappy with the order.  The Tea boxes were both open!
I received 3 Popin Cookin I did not order
Bitter and stale tasting, I was very disappointed
Completely smashed. Shipping box was fine but product was destroyed :(?
PROMISED OVERNIGHT...TOOK 7 DAYS...TERRIBL!
Only good for bread crumbs on food processor.  They all stuck together. It was flavored cardboard.
No original package was there or expiration date provided which I do not understand why
Was not ripe and left a terrible after taste.
The packages were not all well sealed and caused some to be ruined
Not tangy at all. Taste more like ranch or parmesan.
Too strong for a breakfast blend.  Previous order did not taste that strong.
I was hoping for a seasoned salt. What I got was a salty salt! Yuck!
Some of them in bag same looks like used because without a bag, and scratches
This icing is not good.  It has a very bad aftertaste and is not good on a cake.
Disliked it being tampered with afraid to use it and the box it came in one side was opened
Disappointing. Did not meet my expectations based on the description and price.
Item arrived with the lid off spilled everything everywhere
Ended up getting rid of it as it was not good at all
Usually like everything from Whole Foods. This was a very pale chicken when it arrived.
Tasted sugar free and chemicals
No butterscotch flavor
Tastes like caramel is burnt. Product was very stale.  Will NOT buy again.
I threw it in the trash I do not you money .
All the gummy bears were melted together was not good
Arrived completely smashed and inedible
I am so mad I waited for this and it was ROCK HARD and STALE!!! So disappointing!!!
Majority of bags are STALE and way smaller than advertised.
Maybe I just do not like chicory
Seeds are stale. Threw them out.
Only 1 pack not 6 like the description says.
Only go 12 when the description says 40 count!  Taste is ok
Has a strange medicine aftertaste.
Damaged - only 1/2 a bottle
Wish I had not wasted money
Because it was damaged, and it will not let me return/replace I am giving it one star.
This is not the same rice as in stores. Taste and smells like cardboard and it is unbearable to eat.
Despite following the instructions, it tasted nothing like a cheesecake.
The spicy one was not sealed:( Amazon will not let return
Cookies had a funny taste as if they were old and stale
Good product but all candy bars broken up in wrappers.  Not sure why. Disappointed
Since this is food I will not eat because box is open but was wrapped in plastic!!
Did not really work.  Waste of money
It did not taste like mayo at all, they overdid it with the weird vinegar
Tasted metallic and salty
Does not taste like Atkinsons. Could be knock off Chinese brand.
The stollen had been opened prior to my receipt.  All seals were punched open!!!
Disliked flavor and only got rice cakes. No ramen.
This applesauce is too smooth. It tastes horrible. I thought I was eating baby food. Yuck
None of my guests ate any after tasting... we ended up trashing the whole.
did not change color of mouth or tongue
I love all of these products except for this one did not work for me
Other than the price, everything was great.
Was left out in 95 weather oil is now liquid and seeped through made big mess
They were stale.
Unfortunately the product arrived broken in the box
Arrived with mildew! I want a refund or resend a new shipment
Got a box of expired SmartFood Delight Popcorn
Not what expected.  The flavor is flat and does not tasted like pomegranate at all.
Order ed  3 boxes one of boxes filled with suckers only one half normal  size  last time for that
Not as good as rose
This had a very strange wang that I did not like.
Item was damaged, 4 days late and was packed damaged!
It was soft licorice!
Stale. Not good at all.
It is basic tasting water, nothing special. Small bottles big price. Do not do it! Lol
no sweet all ,  no body , no heaven . this sad  tea
Not for me!  Just a poor flavor
over priced, stale, never buy from this seller again
The quality was very poor no taste  did not look like crab meat . Do not bother buying this brand
Just a note this is 1 box for $14.95! Which is ridiculous!! Love the product but not the price!!
Half the pieces were broken
damaged and opened product
This is my favorite gum
I thought for the money you would get more!
"New & Improved..My Patootie! I have one word for these ""New & Improved"" monstrosities..YUK!"
This tasted disgusting!!! The house blend on the other hand was very good
Flavors are awful tasting!
the guy press our ringbell and leave the package with
They are not eatable!! Waste of money!!
I ordered 5 bags and not one bag had cherry flavored in it??
Did not like the flavor, will not rebuy
NOT DELIVERED!!. The product is great, not Amazon delivery!
Half of the bags in the box were stale.
The color of honey is changed to dark. Tastes sour and item is not returnable.
These were not authentic Gustaf's wine gums!
Arrived with glass embedded in one of the gummy flowers.
Its good but GMO
It was and not much to hard
The tea does not dissolve enough, utterly disappointed.
Only received one bottle, it was advertised as a 3 pack.
thought this is price gauging... one dollar an ounce!!
Very dry  Will not Order again
Tastes ok, but difficult to dissolve in water.
The chocolate came oxidized and when melted results in a dull discolored appearance!
The package came torn and open I plan to discard the product as it may not be safe to eat it.
Not good.  Dry, tasted old.
The awful erythritol aftertaste. Could not even return it.
It tastes terrible.  It left a bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day and hurt my throat.
The boxes were crushed
Awful do not bother.
Very expensive, its five bucks at target
Cap was cracked and the item arrived with the granules spread all over, but there are no returns.
Item is non-returnable but I would like a refund.
Arrived open and empty. Cannot review or return.
Really good chocolate, but way overpriced! Found the same item locally for 1/3 the price!
I thought the candy portions were much bigger. Will not order again
fair taste, small, & expensive
Product was stale and in pieces.  Nothing could be eaten.
No taste The pumpkin spice was a disappointment
I almost threw up after using this
Very dry stale bagels. Completely inedible.
Did not even try it. Looked darker that the regular miso I have bought. No satisfied.
the coconut milk was curdled
Product was spoiled
There was rip in bad and bag was empty
Very thin, rather brown with some smell. Definitely not a fresh good quality product. Disappointing
Too sweet..too expensive
I ordered a pack of four bags. They were full of live insects. They were disgusting.
Rots too fast. Already ripe when purchased
Very disappointed False advertising
Massive RIP off and very deceiving.Shame on you!
Not enjoying eating it. Not what I thought. Will not purchase again
These did not do it for me. Felt like I was eating cardboard.
Super disappointed.  No flavor and pours out too fast
I drank it and used them all but it was weak would not buy again
They were stale!
Put in my smoothies every day
Strawberries came frozen and when they thawed they were squishy and gross
thought i was getting 3 for $5. crazy
I am very disappointed, the kola was very old and dried. I will not order from them again.
Product was crushed upon arrival
Order stated 48 K Cups. Was charged for 48 but only received 24.
Garri smelled old, had to throw the whole bag away.
Product description states that it was an 8 pack of 13oz bags. I received 1 13oz bag.
This has no odor at all, and it is powderless, not even a faint smell of cinnamon.
Gets moldy very quickly. It is insane how fast in comparison to caramel.
Good price great delivery time
Do Not buy it falls apart in your mouth not a very good taste either
Product is dried out and hard. Lacks flavor. Do not buy Costas brand.
I thought this was a concentrated paste. It is powder.
They are pretty gross, but I am not fat so I do not have eat them.
They taste old and stale and you can not return them so you get what you get would not recommend
Ordered this item twice and it was not sealed properly.
All the candies are broken. Horrible!
Too much sweet for me
This came damaged. I was going to give it as a gift but was not able to.
It came broken. I was unable to use it.
Chips were two weeks from expiration when delivered. Pathetic.
description says no MESSAGE but ingredients clearly has MESSAGE  MONOSODIUM GLUTAMATE = MESSAGE!!!
if you want a side of bagel with your everything seasoning buy this
Ordered 2 and when they arrived, the vitamin C gummies were melted into one big gummy.
WORTHLESS.  Waste of money.  Came with dead battery.  Cheap chin
Received the order and only got 1 package instead of 10.
Very crumbly. No flavor.
Very small pieces and no seaoning...
Delivered completely melted . Nothing but mush
Item was extremely stail. Had to throw away.
I fell for it too.  $26 for a 6 pack.  Shame on me.
These are very salty.  I did not taste the beef.  Totally ruined the hotdog experience.
This is the tiniest can you have ever seen for $22 and no refunds.  Do not buy this product.
The flavor is not strong enough to taste the flavor
There is an aftertaste that is hard to resist and the soda has a very overbearing sweet taste.
Bland....no salt... mostly raisins
Inside carton was open when I got it Bad quality control Not comfortable to eat it
It was all broken
Product was open.
I Do Not Know why this has good reviews. This is some cheap nasty coffee.
The product was received all melted,
Half of the tea leaves are broken
Very difficult to open.
The pods exploded while brewing in the Keurig and the coffee is tasteless.  Threw out quickly!
Would not buy again.
Product arrived January 2021 and was expired September 2020. Unacceptable.
$22 for 4lb is price gouging. Do not buy.
Do not order this candy. It is old, hard and stale!
Theses sticks are stale and discolored.  Not crunchy but gummy in texture.
Item was not delivered as stated !
Not sealed. And not eligible for a return. Do not buy this product.
Tastes like spicy mayo. And it is not just a mild spice it is really hot!
Ordered the pack of 2 but just got 1
The entire box of product was within a month of expiration
These are amazing if you want to set fire to 7 dollars. Total scam.
Got this a month after I ordered it, and then they were moldyawesome.
Thin liquid with vanilla material and contains alcohol... was expecting a paste
It does not whip up into any kind of thick substance. But it is fine as a base for cooked puddings.
Way too much money for one box of boil lion I thought it was multiple boxes! Fool me once!
This is not Korean products but write Korean is wrong sapling ha ha
Came fast and were technically fresh but man they are gross! Good visually, but that is about it!
I tried 4oz to 8 oz and every cup was weak I would equal this coffee to instant coffee
Taste bad. Do not waste your money on them.
Worse tasting pop tarts.  Were falling apart.  I guess Amazon gets the outdated stuff.
Stale and tastes bad
total rip off. Just look at cost per pack.
All of the rice crackers in the mix I received were stale. Weak flavor. Would not recommend.
Showed up late, says perishable open immediately. Cannot return it
The bottles I received were past their freshness date.
These are horrible, received these as a holiday gift, worse than a lump of coal ;(
Cans were damaged once I received them
Do not bother with these.  Too small and not a good value for money and time wasted.
Seal was broke and leaked all over in the bag/box
I only ordered Bobs Oatmeal
I do not recommend it. Oil and spice
Not Honey (cane sugar), not powder (chunky granules). Also smelled burnt and has no flavor.
The flavor/taste is awful.
Flavor of all not good.
They were all melted together and discolored and not a good taste.
Not good...  Rather expensive; not good.
Not what I expected or like I have had before. Extremely hard to chew flavor was minimal.
Only one bottle sent when the description clearly states that this is for SIX bottles.  DO NOT BUY!
Ate with it a couple times...stirred it, and there is a dead grown maggot in it. DO NOT BUY!!!
Seriously did not like the smell.
Tasted like unroasted coffee beans. Very sour. Inedible.
Arrived completely melted. They did not even try to keep it cool.
It had a very bad taste when i bit into it it made me want to vomit, just my opinion.
This product is not good at all. Would not get it again
I received a children's ABC book. Thanks but no thanks Amazon. Run me my coins...
It was a waste of money
The flavor was not even close to pineapple. Plus no returns
The dressing was not able to be eaten. The dressing had an awful taste like it was spoiled.
do not like this product, and also has to much sugar in it
not good at all!
Does not taste anything like White Mocha
Tasted terrible...I will with Old Wisconsin from now on...
They were very small and the design on them was not clear.  I returned them
They gave me very bad Diarrhea !
As soon as we opened the bag ants started coming out. disgusting and will never purchase again.
Thwse were just a horrible
Not even close to what I wanted
Smelled like smoked wood, which means it is stale and not good... Poor quality
It came broken, not well wrapped , glass all over the place
These are tiny size. They are street taco size. I was shocked when they arrived.
Taffy is very hard and old!!!
Taste like really bad medicine.
Not good. It has that odd sugar substitute taste.
Received a broken bag of flour....policy is that I cannot return...disappointed.
Were not to our liking.  Sounded great but tasted like cardboard.  Sorry.
Gross. Too much alcohol. Threw it out!
Very stale and tasteless. Waste of money.
In the description, it says pack of two in my order and I only got one bag.
I do not believe that two small hand fulls of small candy is a pound.
The shipping container is not suitable for such a delicate cookie.
No flavor, kind of smushy feeling, and not at all spicy.
An metallic after taste at first swallow so threw the rest away
The candy was old and stale
It tasted like rat gum and I almost threw up.
Not even close through taste like ketchup. Wayover priced
It was totally dried up and unusable.
No results, I do not recommend you at all. I am very disappointed.
Could not even try this product due to the preservative.
This water is nasty..This not the real Fiji water .. I want a refund..
I order two packages of the 50 count. But only got 87 altogether, I want what I paid for.
Disappointed by the taste. Tasted like cough medicine.
Theses items came stale. Do not purchase!
The product was ruined.  I threw away.
Did not like the flavor....had a funny taste
Was disappointed. My husband did not care to eat it after first try. Would like my money back.
I am so disappointed! The entire bag was full of completely melted, smushed reese's pieces.
I bit into a fingernail in the frosting of this cake slice. Poor quality control
And the plastic wrapping disintegrates into little pieces!
these where awful and I threw them out! doubt if I could get a refund!
over priced and did not taste good at all and was broke in little peaces
This is disgusting. It tastes like peas and has the consistency of puke.
We used more than called for and it still has no taste.
I got it today, 1/19/19, and it will be expired on 1/31/19. very disappointed!
Instant is not the way to go. Taste like paste
They were soggy and wet. I had to throw them in the trash, absolutely disgusting.
Flowers arrived wilted, broken, brown. Some of them were only STEMS, no flower!
tea is not giving off any flavor at all.......like drinking water
I do not care for the flavor
These were so hard and stale my dogs would not even eat them.  I threw out the bag.
They did not have the traditional licorice taste I expected, also taste was a little salty.
Dry, bitter, old. I was expecting so much more.
Very dry and bad taste . No flavor
Garbage. Received package of completely melted candy bars.
This came completely melted. You could not even read it.
All cookies was broken up in package need a refund
Gross tasting product.  It ruined Christmas.
I had to trash all cans because of black mold
We love these cashews but are disappointed.
Do not buy!!!!!  Total waste of money!
The plastic container was broken and the contents were mashed. There were not usable.
They were very stale.
tastes/smells like it is been sitting out unrefrigerated for hours
The flavoring had leaked out of 3 of the 5 bottles.
Expected a big bag. Did not read the fine print. Sorry I ordered this.
This is not a rose gold color
I only received 6 of the 12 packages that were advertised.
Chicken was rubbery and stringy could barely eat a 2nd piece and was very hangry.
Top of can was very dusty, cashews were somewhat small and all the nuts seemed stale.
They were melted
Most definitely not value for my money this product cannot be used
No taste at all. Consistency is chalky. Worst Amazon purchase ever.
Bad flavor, and value , dollar tree dum dums  be cheaper and better
Horrible!!! Cannot cancel the way overpriced water
This has the worst taste to it it lasts too long in your mouth!
YUK!!! Worst thing I ever tasted!!
No bubble wrap and in a bag. Tried to get replacement/return. Says ineligible.
Contains sucralose, if you are sensitive to it, stay away from this.
Horribly hard, will never purchase again
Package was busted open!
This is an acquired taste, one which I will pass on.
It was spoiled when i recive. But i cannot return
Sadly it was broken when I received it and could not be found Ed.
It has an awfull taste like it was spolied
Dead plants - hard to grow!
Mildly water tasting
i will order this again in a while
Nothing but crumbs.
The chocolates was totally melted! Items like that need to be shipped overnight
glass shattered only 1 is good 1 broken
Received my order and 5 out of the 12 boxes of water were leaking from the side seam.
I wish I could write a taste review. The item arrived broken.
Just opened, loose mochiko, and one of the boxes looks like it is been wet?? Not worth the money.
Too dark roast. Too strong flavor. Not even close to 5/10
When I received the package the bottle was leaking
not what I expected, too many cereal bars and gummies, only 1 bag each of pop corn, Tara chips.
The package was open when I received it and there was no where to address the issue.
Not what I expected, odd flavors. The nastiest candy I have ever tasted!
way to expensive for what you get. Do NOT waste your money.
This is just a ciabatta loaf cut into 8 pieces. I was expecting individually baked rolls.
Did not really do anything for me. No caffeine boost or appetite suppressant.
This candy looked and tasted old! Hopefully I do not get sick.
Did not get the right poppin cooking
Chocolate was moldy. Unedible
Pretzels were stale and about to expire
The product box is so damaged that makes the product itself look old and outdated.
Product melted when arrived.
Not earl grey tea, this is normal black tea.
Picture is deceiving, quality of size and width is Zero.
It expires too soon, the package I received will expire in a month
This was like a milk shake when it arrived. No refunds or exchanges. I am pretty disappointed!!!!
Sent wrong item.
I have had an allergic reaction to this product but yet I cannot be refunded.
This item arrived with an expired Best by date of 06/30/2021.
it was too hot and salty
Brocken plastic container
Noni juice is absolutely gross tasting.
Worst of any mix. Do not recommend. Tried to enhance it with many eggs, etc. Nothing works.
Absolutely the worst tasting thing ever,  waste of money.
They tasted under baked
I did not realize this was sweetened, but the sweetener is awful tasting!
The cheez-it were not fresh.  I will not order again.
They were melted by the time they got to me.
Flavor is too sweet and not really like coffee. Will not buy again
I got it for low sodium.  It did not taste good to me.
The lid was off all the juice was gone there was no safety ring around the lid
If you buy alma powder from you will be sorry
This came broken and seal was broken opened as well And now way to ask for replacement
Oh my goodness, this is the tiniest container of baby powder!  Not worth the money
Really?  Sugar? (hidden as dextrose) and glycerides??  Not a healthy choice!  NoGO!
Well, it is simple.  I paid good money for stale nuts!!!  Buy elsewhere!
Where is it? I love it but it is not on my front porch.
Item is old, hard and no taste.  Also not eligible for return.
Way too expensive. The picture is misleading.
Ordered before all whole cashews this bag was all crumbs waste of money
Tiny size!  Waste of money.  Not a good flavor.
I was so disappointed with these. Kids spit them out and they were frustrating to unroll.
Not sure what more we can say. Received a batch of expired product.
Very disappointed in the taste of a product that I once enjoyed a lot.  I do not recommend it.
Old and dried out. Not fit to eat. Expiration date of 12/26/21
Read the label guys.  ENRICHED WHEAT FLOUR - that is does not sound like whole wheat to me..
The rub has a nice consistency and taste but it has a strong cumin smell. That is the only downside.
The taste is really bad. Just threw the whole thing in the trash. Stay away.
Terrible.  It arrived opened and there is no option to get a new bag
Over paid for this item ..
Lousy taste and texture.  They ended up in the garbage.
I have ordered this before. This is the first time it has been expired. Disappointed.
These were not black
Gross no flavor they all taste the same like bubbles
Did not receive correct size odered
One of the containers came without a lid
it tastes so so bad, waste of money honestly
Not a single orange or pineapple one despite the flavors being in the label.
I just could not get myself to drink this, bad and nasty favor. But now I know
I did not like anything. They were stale, tasteless and all clumped together!
They were all smashed and melted.
I am my opinion, this does not taste like black tea-- it is really floral, like Jasmine maybe.
Bottle was broken when I opened the package.
We got a whole box of expired chips. Waste of money ! Buyer beware.
Not the flavor of cinnamon I was hoping for
It used to be very good but the latest packages contained lots of added sugar! Very disappointing!
Flavor taste like a chemical,cost too much,and through them away. I could not use as a gift.
Was not authentic product
Do Not Know if product tastes good!? What we got was melted and broken 
Bought this and was doing great until i transplanted into bonsai soil. Then they all died!
I enjoyed haggis in Scotland and was really hoping for something close.  No.  Just no.
Horrible tasting nobody in our family liked them. Wasted money.
Very disappointed but this flour made me very ill. It was an expensive mistake for me.
Extremely overpriced. Shipped in a ziploc bag.
Broken could not use
Half the chip container was full of BROKEN CHIPS.
Bad aftertaste and begining taste. Went to waist.
All the cookies were broken. I did not care for the taste either.
They taste old, slightly  rancid
All four corners of the bar packaging was damaged.  Does not feel safe to consume.
The description clearly says 12 count but when I received it, I only received 3 pieces.
It has Palm oil. My mistake for not looking the ingredients
It arrived and was melted!
I wanted to use this on fresh popcorn and it hardened and could not dispense on popcorn
did not work well for me even following instructions to the letter.
Too expensive, buy it locally for about $5 each
Got package on december 26 2019 expiration date on chips june 2019. This is aweful.
Taste is so bad , had to throw away
Smashed, tasteless, cost is not worth buying!
This item made my guests and myself sick with stomach aches, and it is not returnable!
I was disappointed in this product as it really did not have much flavor.  Will not purchase again.
Pretty disappointed. Product was delivered on time, but was already stale. What??
Just straight up tastes bad - dry and rubbery and tasteless.
Very easy to brake. I received it bent
The expiration date is 02-2021 yet these smell rancid and they can not be returned.
Worst food product I have encountered.  Web side does not even list it.
Entire bag was melted!!!
Flowers arrived dead. Cannot believe I wasted my money on this. DO NOT BUY!
Disliked did not get to taste it because all 3 bottles were totally crushed to pieces
My detergent was in the same box , it broke destroying it .
Ordered and paid for a package of 12 cans but only received 1 can.
Had very little aroma; somewhat bitter taste and even made me a bit nauseous. No Thanks.
Product is damaged. Very unfortunate.
Short dated and tastes stale.
All four packs were inedible. Defective.
The regular cinnamon is hotter than this one was.
Its a rip off.  I misread.  Its 8 cans for $35.00.  That Is over $4 a can.  Never again.
Received wrong item
Flavors were awful tasting!
Disliked everything about these.  No way is this the original Torino brand.  Cheap for a reason.
The taste was terrible, so I discarded this meat! A waste of money!
Tasteless with weird smell.
Impossible to eat.
This product does not sell or taste like salmon.
Candy was not fresh ,chocolate was very hard,cannot return
Arrived damaged. Unable to use.
Not at all what the description & pictures showed!
Cannot figure out how to return or replace since it is food, but got it yesterday, months expired
Squid, not octopus.  This product is squid, not the octopus advertised.
Containers were open. Seal broken  Must have been in extreme heat or placed under something heavy
I did not receive this order and Amazon refuses to acknowledge this
Not happy at all with the bait and switch tactic
If it only it was packaged well..
Replacement also arrived melted
Tasted old, when I received the product it was close to the expiration date. Will not order again.
This sauce is disgusting  I am so upset
Had to add sweetener and creamer stuff I do not lije
These Ritz crackers arrived past the expiration date
All of the cakes were dry crumbly and stale
Cannot stand the taste
No seal on container, this is unacceptable for health and safety reason
This mix was mostly shredded broccoli stems.  I was very disappointed.
A lot of the candy was crushed, oddly shaped, and had previously melted at some point.
Overly expensive tap quality water..
Hard as a rock. Not much flavor
These are the baby pitashio's of the tree, lacked salt. I will spend the money and buy from Costco!
You cannot return this product and there was no way of knowing it contains GLUTIN until purchased.
Very Unhappy with the Price and Quantity!!!
Horrible.  Like spinach tea.  Threw it out.
Does not mix well at all and very bitter
They taste like they were old
Did not like the taste or texture of this.
May contain lead and lead compounds. I have zero trust in Amazon and Feel Good Organics.
The hazelnut flavor is nonexistent. I will not buy again.
This is not a good deal.  I buy a 3.25 oz package at Walmart for $3.58
Way smaller than expected
I tried 2 packets In coffee, so nasty wud rather use anything else.
The taste was very artificial
Not very tasty in my opinion
This product is full in sugar 50%.
Price is not realistic
No ingredients list available before purchase. Must be poison.
Taste like poison not recommended so since I cannot return this it will go into the trash
Weak, not the orgeat I was looking for.
Not even amount of each kind of chip
Had these for a bridal shower. The chocolate was melted/remelted and brittle
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A TRUSTED BRAND. TRASH
The expiration date on these was two weeks before or one day after they were delivered
These are on the thin side and not made for shipping. Most (if not all) were cracked upon arrival.
Its a want to be. Not worth the price
It was expired when I received it. Waste of money!
I was excited to try this but was extremely disappointed as it was not hulless
None of our 5 dogs showed any interest in this.
Was expecting these to be a lot bigger they are micro wafer bills
Smelled awful and were spongy
Only received 1 of 6 pack. Very disappointed.
Very big and tough to chew.
To expensive  in stores is 99 cents  a can
Do not buy this item. It is literally a tiny piece of paper glued to a tiny straw. Total rip off.
Yuck.. The flavors were indistinguishable from beef.
It was open. I want a refund
Too sweet, too much of a vinegar flavor for me.
The product taste like it is old. Like it is out of date
The pump is broken I need a new one it is cracked and I need a replacement one
Artificial vanilla flavor that overpowers the spices. I will not buy this again.
All three bags came crushed. One bag is barely usable. I would not order these again.
My husband loves these but they were stale!
I received the bag smashed and leaking coffee.  It looks like all the air was sucked out of it.
This was completely melted.. Not happy
Almost colorless, bland, wet, and no lemon flavor at all. Do not buy.
Tastes disgusting. Threw in trash. Nearly chocked.
No stars all melted and nasty could not eat any of the bags so upset
Coconut butter hard as a rock - needed heat it to soften it up- more trouble than it is worth
Thought I was buying a sugar free product. Cannot have the sugared one.
Did not thicken and tastes like chemicals
Arrived old, stale and hard as a rock, returns are not allowed either, buyer BEWARE
Once you buy it you cannot return.
Disgusting, that is all I have to say.
Oh my gosh, way to much salt.  HORRIBLE.
Not at all what I know they can be. A+ on the picture, F- for taste. Look elsewhere.
Taste and even smells so fake and super sweet
I am all about convenience, however, this 'meal' was inedible. Tastes awful, looks worse.
Product was expired.
Said its gel Its not it is like thick juice
"Nice presentation of inedible, stale, foul-tasting ""food"" products."
I ordered this product and the chocolate was not fresh. Very disappointing after paying nearly $30.
The box was packed ripped and some of the candies were leaking.
I got my order of juice boxes today and every single one of them expired in 2022
Some vegan stuff is good, but these are dry and ehhhh not so good
Arrived crushed and crumbled looks like it got to hot.
why does this tea look like some damn rabbit hay pellets? and they smell like dirt
Tastes bad. Kicked me out of Ketosis. 10g of carbs per cup. Bad.
Cannot use because it does not say cooked or instant on it. We will toss it.
The product was melted from Heat
Tastes weird...too artificial for me..
Wrappers stuck to candy not eat able
Damaged and missing tea bags
Awfull worst Chestnut Pure! Going back HERO fro Switzerland Whole Can went in the Garbage!!!!
Not what I expected very disappointed
Gritty and terrible
Candy looked old and the she will was all broken.  This bag was seemed to be laying around awhile.
It is missing the stars and bows. I am so livid this was a waste of money.
Candy was stale and the basket is so small it fit in the palm of my hand
The taste like sticky dust. Yuck.
Product not as described.  Arrived in plain box-not the company's
Some bags were already unsealed.
It does not work in the new Kuerig coffee machine.
Stale Good strong taste NOT  Soft at all I dumped it
Already shelled.  False advertising.
wafers were very stale! had to trash them! all of them'
The sealed 3lb pouch only weighs 1lb 15.9 ounces. Do not buy this product, it cannot be returned
Bought candy for friend, candy was either stored in hot warehouse or is just older than heck.
Only received 9 out of 10 boxes
Expires in 2 months?! You are kidding me!
There was a rock in my cookie I just took a bite of.
This is not basterma, meat with wrapped spice sauce. No good.
7 boxes came with broken crackers. Disappointed!
Bottle was leaking when it was received. No option to receive a refund so $9 thrown in the garbage
Horrible! My kids would not even eat it. Waste of $30 and you cannot return it.
"These are no fettuccine - they are only 1/8"" wide."
These arrived very dry. The chocolate was gray and the cake was very dry.
I am Japanese. I do not know what is this nodle. But, this is not Japanese Ramen. Oishiku nai desu.
I do not know how this is classified as food!!! It smells so bad and the texture is terrible!!!!!
Does not even deserve one star.. nearly every single lollipop is broken. Very disappointed.
This frozen food does not taste great. It is not worth buying.
Terrible food. How can people eat this?!
The product was so thick and dry that I just threw it out
Please refund me, we cannot eat it!
The tea was good but now they change the source and the quality is not as it used to be.
They are not compatible with the Kuerig 2.0
Cookies arrived with chocolate melted!
Stale items pop tarts broke could not even eat them will not order again not very happy
Completely melted and inedible. Very unhappy.
Terrible! Normally a favorite but product was delivered melted and unusable for my purpose.
Bought organic rolled oats and had a ton of bugs in it. Threw out and went to whole foods.
These are so gross. They taste like a sour apple lollipop.
This cereal was stale.
You better have an iron stomach
Should be a pack of 6 and only received one
Both bottles came damaged
Tasted stale.  No good
It was expired Tasted horrible See pictures
Mostly duds, and the ones that puffed were very hard.
Package arrived open and product was stolen
Taste nothing like cheesecake
only thing i liked was the container the candy came in.
Tiny and more expensive than full pack. Do not buy!!!!!!!! Scam artists are at work.
Candy seemed old...hard as a brick....not buying again... Actually in the garbage
Not so good. They have a strong flax seed taste no matter how you serve them.
Received with mold on before expiration date!
Stale , old,. Mce urine I think mice were in it for as you
was dry and flakey, tasted the same, it sucked
Tasted mostly like alcohol. very dissappointed. i am returning all flavors.
Absolutely disgusting 
The seal was broken when arrived.
Taste is bland,it does have tripe bits but not very tasty.
The taste is not something I can take. Try it somewhere before buying a lot of it here!!
this was completely bogus
This item is watery and damage not eat able.
This tasted so gross I had to throw it away
I am very disappointed, very bad tasted ,never ever I buy this product , I returned
It was horrible! There were a bunch of pieces with pits!
It taste nasty do not get this one I do not like the 365 brands anymore
Passed the best by date 
It was Opened ...tea was allover
Not at all  like the original Heinz Piccalilly relish. Not good.
Half of the items are already expired. Shame
"It appears this is not actually stevia ""in the raw"" as the main ingredient is maltodextrin."
The poisonous packet that I was not aware of
They smelled really weird like a chemical.  Would not buy again.
Product good PRICE bad!!!! Found cheaper at our local Sam's Club.
very nice presentation. however it tastes stale and like rubber. Very chewy.
Delivered today,  however,  expired 2 weeks ago. Disappointed.
This was the most disgusting thing I ever tasted
My item arrived broken and leaking inside of packaging.
Every single stick was broken.
Not fresh at all  !!!!!
Tastes like the packaging smells.
Item description says pack of 12,I received one bag.
Nearly expired when arrived
These were supposed to be 5lbs (80 ozs) what ended up coming was 3lbs. Will not buy again.
EVERYTHING WAS WARM, THE ICE PACK MELTED AND SOME OF THE CANDY WAS THROWN OUT. NOT PLEASED.
They were stale.
Thai Powder-- April 13, 2021 ~~ No, No, No
Stale! Candy stuck together.
This product is not halal.
I thought it would taster like thai sweet chili sauce but it did NOT!
Product came damaged and no returns per 3rd party. Total junk. Do not buy.
When I got the product it was outdated and nasty.
It is a total rip off and cannot be returned one he ordered it
there were big dents in the can
not effective product, does not show up on cookies
This is ONE little bar. I thought 4 bar meant it was a four pack. Not the case.
These were awful! They taste nothing like any other shortbread I have ever eaten.
Maybe from last year but were uneatable!
So nasty!! Tasted like dry glue!!
It is spicy and gross af. Nothing like Starbucks.
Please do not buy it! It tastes disgusting! I threw it away! The smell is horrendous
Not allowed to post about the quality or how it arrived, so here is a picture.
I love Cafe Bustello but the Cafe con Leche tasted like garbage
Half of the 24 cans were dented.
Cans were severely dented when they arrived.
The crackers were crushed by cans in the box.
both jars I ordered were broke in the box, did not get to try them and they are non returnable
This was not a prime rib....that is what I was told by my brother who received it as a gift
All the cans were smashed and dented  I thought I was buying new stock
Item was not fresh and arrived expired.
I did not like the way the package was delivered.box open missing tea bags
Came expired with a nasty film on them. Refunded immediately.
Product was a disappointment. Just tasted like different color chewy mints.
Would not buy again gum is so hard it will break your teeth.Guess there pretty old blow pops.
These were not even edible.
The candy is not fresh taste old
The title states that it is Organic but the bottle does not.
My order was expired. Very dissapointed
Product was completely liquified along with the dry ice they tried to use.
Very disappointing. I have ordered several times before. This entire case is stale
Poor quality and embarrassing presentation.
This felt like you bit into a pill by accident very nasty in my opinion
I lived in Germany my whole life and this is not good frite sauce. Trust me.
Only 15 count. False advertisement
The bottle arrived empty
This did not meet the intended expectation of helping control my blood sugars.
The canister arrived without a lid so.... Disappointing to say the least.
Not very good tasting and they spoil very quickly
Was really just not a fan. Tastes gross.
Yeast was ineffective and a big waste of time as well as money.
These were terrible- they tasted like cardboard (being generous) .
The product is well past it is freshness date and should be destroyed.
Flavor was horrible and not easy to spread.  To expensive.
Tastes horrible and can not return beware
Pictures and description is misleading. I purchased this for the liners and only received toppers.
I received the product opened !  Cannot return.
When I open it, it smells like molded. I am afraid it is not safe for your health.
Was not fresh almost like it was old
A SMALLER PLASTIC BOTLLE THAT WAS OUT OF DATE ARRIVED.  I WANT A REFUND...
Worst item I ever bought
Weird taste and color
I am not a fan of this tea's taste.
I ordered these for my kids to take to school and they absolutely hated them
Too small a portion, just a few hard, dry bits.
This is the worst flavor and price. Stay away
strong taste like loaded with salt
Not what I expected
I know the stuff works well, but mine arrived busted. Not happy
Yuck! Not what I expected them to taste like
No cinnamon flavor or smell. Very disappointed.
I bought 4 bags and every bag had broken and smashed eggs
This was a gift to my 100 year old mother in assisted living who loves jelly.  Big disappointment.
I love this salsa but I get it for about 2 or 3 bucks a bottle at the store.
Our family loved these until we found this.
Possibly have gotten too warm in transit.?? Stuck to wrappers and annoying to unwrap Taste ok
Terrible tasting.
I received them all broken and it is way overpriced
Terrible, do not order. Not like the Pop Rocks back 70's.
I  good not even eat this.... Terrible tasting product.. Do not waste your money
They were a big crumbled mess when delivered
These are EXTREMELY OLD. Disgusting.
Was not the cheese from Thrisle.
They was melted all the way down to the bottom of the can when Dey arrived
This is liquid, like soup, it is unusable, not as described.
Never really cooked correctly.
This is not luster dust its craft glitter, non toxic but not edible
chocalates were all melted. I have been buying for years and never had this problem..I am returning
Do you have like 50 pieces in one packaging? 500 is a lot when we only want to do a few.
Who would eat something from these nasty beat up cans?  Oh, and it is non-refundable, of course.
Cookies arrived broken in little pieces. Item is unreturnable.
Hard could not eat or return
I will continue using fresh but the raspberries are always trash
This is not keto it is total crap. The are are ripping us off.
Bummer texture no flavor wish I got fiesta tropical flakes
Horrible texture and flavor nothing like the regular licorice.  White residue covering the candy.
The flowers were brown and the pedals were falling off.
Pathetic! Do not waste your money!
Not the same stuff I bought in japan
Paid 30$ for the box and only one bar came in the package 
YOU guys are morons buy smart pop popcorn you can eat 2 times more popcorn for same calorie count
changing seas brand is much better for me
TERRIBLE!!!!! SOOOOO SWEET! THREW THEM OUT!
Not happy!!!  with the product.  I can not believe that it is not returnable.  Crazy
This is a very poor-quality orgeat syrup. It has a very clear artificial flavor.
Hard to chew and tastes bad too.
All the bags of chips were expired when I received them. Bought them in March.
These tasted straight up like play dough.
MOLD MOLD MOLD.....And yes the expiration date is good!
This is a FRAUD. DO NOT BUY. Most cheaps expire in less a month.
These are gross!!!!
Yummy and I got them in 4 days
Only received one jar. Order was for two jars. I have submitted this for a refund three times now.
, Not the best
The after taste ruins it for me
Total scam!  I got packages of ramen noodles and no drinks and also says no returns!  Ridiculous!
shoe knows, I gave them away and did not realize the needed refrigeration
Entire box stale a waste of money
Most of the onions were soft and old, they looked good from the outside but rutt in the inside.
product tasted horrible
Is not a premium dry frut mix, looks old and chip.
not at all as fescribed
This is the worst. No flavor. Weak.
EVERY PC IS STOCK TO PAPR
i hope to got i can get a refund, they are stale as well
My item came with no top!!! Now how am I suppose to store the remaining? Unhappy customer
Not as advertised. No flavor
Cat,.Wonderered why they would not eat it after giving them other foods smelled it .It is rancid.
Utterly disgusting. I use flavorings all the time and this was just gross.
This particular flavor tastes like what you would imagine fruit liquid soap would taste like.
Disappointed as I thought this product would have a little flavor.
This has the worst taste and texture..i recommend not buy
Tasteless crumble
Product simply had no flavoring to it - very bland.
Bait and switch. I wonted regular tea. But was given black tea. never again!!!!
Received the product and the entire box content was experience by 2 months
Expired three months ago!
Could not gift for anything. Everything was melted
They sent the wrong raisin, I ordered golden ,and sent me black raisins  7 grams more sugar! Wtf
gums up in the water and does not dissolve
Received today damaged
The chocolate was white, either old, badly stored, or a combination. Not recommended.
Did not care for the dresses material.
Must have been old but the 2 loaves were very hard and not eatable. Had to throw away.
Stale  sent expired  only 9 cookies rest presentation plastic
I will never buy again.
The sea moss gel was to loose.
Looked good in description, but was bland and too sweet.
Product was open at the bottom and stale
I made cupcakes and unfortunately this did not really taste like violets or lavender to me.
TASTES awful, I have tried 3 of the flavors and they all are awful .
The mints are old and taste terrible.
Was supposed to get the 15 carb boxes ( son is diabetic) and got 25 carb boxes instead.
Product came all leaking. Company does not allowed you to request a refund. Very poor product.
Tossed it out ,Worst tasting stuff I have ever had .
These are good but my order was lost in the mail!
The bags are small..  I should have read the fine print. $10 per bag...
The product was melted
No pic, due to extreme reluctance to touch box further. Max disappointment 
My candy was cut open. I am not able to get a replacement. Not happy
something is added on it
Tea gave ma a rash and the taste was harsh and super peppering unable to drink. Do not buy.
Ehhhh. These had no hint of honey roasted deliciousness. They were not super crunchy either.
These have a mushy texture, the flavor is bland and there is no snap.
Pretzels are really good, but they arrived broken into pieces.
stale do not buy. go to marshalls.
UNOPENED, this stunk up a room through sealed packaging. Tossed without opening.
Seal was broken. Product leaked all over. Would like replacement. But How??
The top of the bottle was open, no seal, leaked in transit.
Did not like the flavor.
Damaged on arrival cannot return
These teas are the nastiest thing I have ever tasted, bough 3 boxes & threw them all away!
Thanks for all the broken candy. 2 actually held up.
My popcorn is stale!!!!
Cheaply made. Could not use.
All of them were smashed
Taste is strange, not sure if there is an ingredient that may be affecting its flavor
All products as pictured but they are all set to expire next month .
The description has since been corrected.
Tastes like mustard with a lot of honey in it. Very sweet. Not anything special.
Broken pieces of stale candy, not worth the price. Very disappointed.
It was all melted
Terrible.  Flavor sadly lacking. Overpriced
just E And I do lome fish
Be sure to read the description. $12+ for 12 fun size boxes. Not the full size box
Temporary frothing is due to baking soda. Too sugary (mostly sugar derivatives).
Just a few were BBQ
would not recommend this brand -
very bad smell and taste funny its not 100% its ground fungal or in sacs unknown taste disgust.
bottles were a broken mess upon arrival
It is not that big very small in size and basket is not that standard.
Very disappointed thought it would be bigger for the money I have spent
The noodles are so rubbery that you end up swallowing them whole
The sucralose in this drink is hard on the stomach.
I got this item was all greasy. And it was open.
Look before you buy. Also tastes like plastic..
Tea was moldy when I opened it.
I like the product tastes good good value but would like the cup.
Taste was horrible
Taste like candy
Awful coffee! Smells and tastes like an ashtray! Definitely NOT light. Worst coffee I have ever had!
Lollipops seems old, sticky, deformed,  like the ones they throw out.
They looked and tasted like they were old! We did not use them.
I was sent salted carmel instead of brown sugar cinnamon.  Great size but disappointed
This product does not have seasoning. It is just noddles.
The bottle was broken!!
product arrived somewhat melted
Product arrived broken and not as described. They were not individually wrapped and 1 was broken.
One of the packs was open and missing an item. Only came with 4 instead of 5
The pods do work well in the machine unlike plastic pods, but terrible flavor.
Did not find the product to be even average vs other products
Sorry, but one sip of this was absolutely disgusting to me and my wife.  Hard pass.
taste like the smell of bandaides.  Do not waste your money.
Old and dry would not buy again.
No fruit taste and leaves a perfume taste. Will never buy again.
It has a strong flavor so I could not use it for baking neither cooking.
I thought it tasted awful...more like burnt tootsie roll.
YES I AM ITALIAN THIS CHEESE POOR QUALITY  TASTE IS OFF
It is not as good as the boxed version that requires adding eggs and vegetable oil.
These are way smaller  thinner and lighter than normal pop tarts  what a rip off.
Terrible taste.  There is no way we can eat these.  Maybe the birds will,
Would not purchase again. Had higher expectations.
I am so disappointed with this product. These taste like wax. Save your money.
All the chip bags were expired.
Did not think they worth the price
I bought this item to share at the office. Everyone complained about the quality if the gum.
Terrible taste! Do not waste your money.
Way too much oreo. There is hardly any ice cream.
This stuff looks like tea and tastes horrible. How they can give this any stars is beyond me.
First I bought I thought they are cookies, turned out they are rocks
Bag was punctured. Flour went everywhere!
All the bottles were broken. Would like a refund
Nasty tasting- I would not even call it bread
Extremely small small loaf ,not the normal size,also shipped from offshore.
This is way too grainy for my taste.
This was in the form of maybe five nerd clusters and the rest was dust. Do not buy.
By far the worst chocolate, if you can call this chocolate, I have ever tasted. Wow.so awful.
Protein separates from liquid and is almost impossible to shake back together.
Extremely expensive for small amount of candy.
can not use !! was going to use on wedding cup cakes but to many broken can not use very unhappy
They taste terribly.
Terrible- chemical taste- hurt my husband and my stomachs.
Meant to order 1
I was very disappointed with this tea. It has absolutely no taste.
Very disappointed that i cannot return a spoiled product.
Not gold they are orange
They advertise 24 cans but you only get 12.
Open! Just threw it in a bag, did not Use wrap or anything! A waste!
OH my goodness, these were awful. They smelled like vinegar and tasted worse. Not recommended.
I was very dissapointed in this box of so called biscotti.
Bland flavor and too gooey.  Everyone of them was stuck to the wrappers and had to be peeled off.
Just look at the pic. That Is what I recieved.
They tasted like salt
I threw it away instantly. Did not even come close to Thai food
It leaks from the top.
Flavor terrible.  Breaks in your mouth. Bad aftertaste
They died I follow the instructions
Received a gooey mess, and I cannot return it!  DO NOT BUY.
This product is very bitter!  I could not use them.
My first Prime Pantry order.
One bottle contained rotten olives.
Tasted like rubbing alcohol when I made syrup. Seriously gross.
Not happy wish I could return Cans are only 7.5 oz.! Nearly &2.00/can! Really? Not happy
Upon arrival some was already getting soft and going bad.
Does not work for me and tastes like crap
Smells like color.. worst taste
Not tasty, very artificial and vitamin-like in taste.
they are not precut
Horrible smell!! I threw it out!
Soothing tea, nice taste.  An evening ritual that helps me sleep.
Order was supposed to be 2 6oz packages, only received one 6oz package.
I use this as a quick meal.  Not a good meal, but a quick meal.
There was no lid and the safety seal was broken. Do not bother.
Unbelievable, It is expired and came in broken pieces!
Price was a rip-off!
They will not work in Keurig machines.
expired within 30days so lame cannot even return this
My bag came opened and almost empty, I am very mad and this is nasty!
Could not use looked to have been frozen and separated Gross
All packages arrived open/broken. There was sauce everywhere.  Will not order again.
Causes diarrhea for sure
was nothing like how its presented. not even hot. sad though was hoping it was.
Cookies were past the sell by date! What should I do???
Disliked still tasted raw after it was cooked
Absolutely none of the other flavors can get past the smoke
Have had this before without problems...It almost looks bad!
Nasty.  Baby bottle sugar was gritty and flavors were wrong
Had to give one star. All fruit rotten.
Broken. Just shattered. Do not plan on anything but tears.
Huge clumps Powdery Mess
Who wants to give someone stale nuts not me
The items were all EXPIRED
This stuff used to be good but now it taste like dirty water. Tossed it in the trash. Do not buy.
Tasted like insulated plastic Does not offer returns
I got crunchy peanut butter instead of creamy peanut butter. So annoyed.
Glass container was broken and damage all contents in bag.
Showed up not in the best shape. Had it for like 2 weeks now and it is not looking too much better.
Very disappointed in flavor
I GOT SICK FROM IT ON THE 2ND DAY. I FELT NAUSEOUS. I THREW IT AWAY.
Most of Coke broken
Like the other reviewer, mine were discolored and some tasted moldy.
Two weeks left on the freshness date is insufficient for a bulk order of chips.
Not real orange, just gummies covered in chocolate. Did not like it.
These were miniature pigs in a blanket. I will not purchase again. Very very disappointed.
the semolina arrived BEYOND its expiration date - both packages. What a rip-off.
The taste was not good in my opinion.
I love love the granular Lakanto.  The liquid leaves an aftertaste and is bitter.
The description is incorrect there is no vanilla flavor in this coffee.
The taste is not for me.
Package damaged and product opened
Just not very good at all... Stay away is best
They are not giving money back on a product that is caked up and no taste
Paper thin. Not even construction paper thick
There was a hole in the bag, I want a refund
Very expensive,  package destroyed and milk pods have holes
The bag was broken open when it arrived
Half of the box exploded
Was not worth the price
Taste is too bland and stale. Not great.
Just taste bitter, very bad after taste, I was hoping for that subway or Panera taste :{
Its like 90:10 pickle to Slim Jim taste. Would NOT recommend.
lots of broken pieces
The oatmeal container is so large that it burst open during shipment.
The top of the machine is broken
Candy was not  fresh  at all  should  had been  soft  but was very hard and chocolate  was old
Zero stars!  Broken cookies.  Packaging displayed on website very deceiving.  Would not recommend.
The boxes arrived partially crushed and leaking.
Too green never got ripe so had to grow them away!!!!
My preferred chia was not available.  Who knew there could be such a difference in flavor.
DOES NO FIT MY COFFEE MACHINE.
This product should be pull from the market.  Do not buy.
One bottle arrived damaged. Other is fine. Want to replace and getting run-around from Amazon.
Received quick but pretzels were stale and flavorless. Very disappointed and cannot even return.
Smells good, but tastes like old Bay. Took a chance on this product.
I bought this anticipating delicious cheesecake flavor but no, nothing..
Not fresh and hard to chew. Some pieces break up into tiny pieces.
This was completely melted to the inside of the package!  Could not even use it.
Jar arrived completely broken ....
Bought a large box in June, and it was bad early September.  Last box lasted several month!
Not all that good. Just buy and avocado or two and mash them up.
Not the best pumpkin extract.
I think they should refund me. I Could have gone to the dollar store and got suckers.
These bars did NOT taste good at all to me and were not what I was expecting or hoping for!
Tiny jar.  Came open.  Will not make this mistake again.
Bland and tasted very artificial. Would not buy again.
product was past exportation date.
Bottle was broke
The bottles arrived. Of the 6,  3 were opened with most of the soda leaked out. Very disappointing
Did not smell like it should, did not taste like it should, I think it was a ground up oak tree!?
Very bitter taste! Tried varying the strength of the Stur with water. Bitter taste every time.
It is not salty. It is salt
Product arrived late and came to me leaking. The seal was unbroken but it leaked through the cap.
If you like moldy produce this is the item your looking for
I got this delivered December 28, 2022, and they were all outdated!
Sorry, they do not come close to the flavor of  Nespresso. I really was hoping because of the price.
These are old and hard.  Expired in jan,23. What a waste of money cannot return
Absolutely not starbucks.
the price is ridiculous
Tastes like some type of petrochemical. What a waste of money.
This is just regular rice.
Tastes too much rosemary and nothing else
mostly went in trash
This is horrible it is a rip off my bags of chips busted. I am completely unhappy!
Could not get past the taste.  Not for me
There was bacon grease everywhere when I opened the bag. The shipping method was unacceptable.
Yeah not thrilled at taste. Having a heightened sense of taste these seemed bland and dry...
Outside of pickles we are tough and hard to chew, mushy inside
Do not buy it. It did not come with any of the sticks picture. Just the letters in bad quality
Smells wonderful but it is not syrup.  h Has the consistency of water.  Waste of money.
Extremely low quality espresso beans! Do not purchase!
Did not know the casing were pork. Unable to eat.
Rubbery and not a great flavor
no flavor will not every buy again
Monkeys fell off stick before I can get it on cupcakes a total waste
These came looking melted .. no option to return or get an exchange. Frustrating waste of money
Coffee creamer was nasty
No pump received.
When they showed up most of them were crushed and broken
It was open and leaked the covers dented clearly it was dropped.
Very strong and difficult to chew.
It is disgusting!
Thought it came with more then 8 . All others came with 20
The candy was melted, extremely hard to get the wrappers off
Extremely over-priced.  Flavor is pretty good.
item came super fast but it is 4 months expired so definitely cannot feed that to my kids.
Item received was not the product shown in advertisment. Highly dissatisfied.
This had an oily scum on top of coffee after it brewed - Amazon refunded my money
Not edible. Very stale. Check your dates.
They had no taste.  Nothing resembled peanut butter taste.
All the jars were solid.  The food was very smelly and spoiled.
I only received 7 of 8 boxes.
Cannot believe this how the cake came, horrible just horrible
Could of played hockey with them, hard as a rock
Flowers arrived wilted and brownish I am was very disappointed
Died within days
Let Us just say the chocolate candy is great but this is not-hardly any flavor!
Does not really work in regards to maintain your hair from falling out.
Waste of money they showed up so dented I will not eat them.
did not receive what was advertised.
these would be great if it were ok to use around people.....defeats the purpose..
Product has no ginger taste and leavess a bad taste in your mouth
Not what was advertised.
Only good to add to smoothies Sorry for the pic, it made me at one... but it is my floor
I was surprised when I only received 12 of my ordered 72 count pack
would recommend other brands
I disliked the flavor and gave it away.
Taste like cough medicine. Nasty. Would not get again.
It is in Japanese, I do not know how much water to add.
Not very good.  Better off with Mr & Mrs T or Zing Zang Bloody Mary Mix.
The pump was missing& it was supposed to be included in the package...
If you have a hard time feeling sleepy or going to sleep, this tea will not help.
When you pay 3 bucks for can, I expect more then can of oil.
The capsules exploded in my Nespresso machine sending coffee everywhere
Really disappointed in these.
cannot  eat this it came opened and cannot return.
I usually love my Digestives with tea, but these biscuits are stale.
Item arrived with box covered in gasoline
I gifted this, they arrived melted.
Could have swore I paid for ginger candy and not thai tea mix. And I cannot return this.
Not worth the money for what you get.
Died already. :(
March 2022 expiration date too soon for something I just received.
When I opened this product it was already molded.
This product came to me broken and I will not be using it.
The seasoning was bad for my allergies
Product was expired
Taste too much like coconut- has a sweet taste
Sent these as a gift, recipients said they were awful/stale.
its hard as a freaking rock!
How someone will sell this product so old looks like there is a mold growing on the corner
I love them BUT 2 of the glass containers broke!! So I am short  2
Raisins arrived old. When the container was opened the raisins were white and dry.
Cookies were crushed upon arrival.
Everything about this fake cookie is bad. It is all GMO
Did not like the flavor & way to soft. Will Not order again.
See photos. But what I expected and what I got was not the same. To expensive.
Most did not fit the Keurig I have.  :-(
Very unhappy about this purchase
Totally thought it was freeze dried strawberries
Not anywhere as good as the regular Protein2o water. It also has less protein.
did not activate
Product arrived leaking into the box Sticky ,sugary mess
Hardly any flavor
Product old and rotten
It has a after taste
Did not like them at all but that is just my personal opinion.
worst pkg not work the trouble to use
What kind of company sends milk that is past its BEST IF USED BY DATE?
I received a 6pk that expired on 08JUL2018
Very disappointed small bag and too much money
The bag was damaged and you can not seal it
Came in melted and stale...
It came molded, green everywhere inside and out. The cake must be 2 weeks old.
Flowers came in looking OK but died three days later not worth the money
Product came and it was all moldy, I only selected 1 star because I have to. Now I cannot return it
Dry, bad tasting snacks
The taste was awful, very artificial. I threw it away.
Bag was opened when it arrived
Well, I usually do not say much but . These are terrible! Only flavor is of Stale nuts!
Stale and bad pecans. Do not waste your money.
Do not order.  This was supposed to be a package of 6.  Only received one.
This soup better taste like heaven on earth as it was expensive as balls!!
These do not taste all that great and they are stale. Extremely disappointed!
Worst attempt at coffee that I have ever tried.
gritty - like sugar never fully dissolved.  I never buy again from this manufacturer
They were RANCID! NO RETURN POLICY. FED TO MY FARM ANIMALS.
It was awful! Did not grow.
Package was not sealed and mix went everywhere, so i do not even want to try it
I did not like the taste of this tea so I will not repurchase.
Bought a few days ago, they are dated July 31, 2022.
Heavy anise flavor  almost does not taste like Chai.  Sadly, will not buy again.
It tasted very bland and stale
Not what I was expecting.
flavor was not good.
Normally these are really good. This order was terrible. The chocolate is old and discolored.
Rip off. You get a small box for a ridiculous amount of cheap candy. I would not recommend this
Seems like a lot of starch in it
We liked this until we found metal bits in the pineapple.
Item arrived in pieces.  Flavor was as expected but could not be given as gift.
This is very waxy and dull flavored. Better licorice out there.
Contains sugar, Rapeseed, Cottonseed and Soybean oils. Why cannot the make it with just almonds?
Being a vegetarian I thought this would be perfect but the product lacks any taste!
unfortunately whole box is very stale.
Half were broken and had to clue back to even use them.
This item arrived with the seal broken and content spilling out. Not able to return or use.
Be aware no bags come with this product for you to use the seasoning in to make the crackers.
WORST NOODLE EVER, DO NOT BUY, IT IS GROSS and EXPENSIVE
Package arrived 3 days late and peppermint bark was melted together in a clump.
It tastes so funky I am afraid to drink it.  I totally wasted $29.72 on this swill.
It said I was going to get 1.5 pounds but I only got 1 pound.
Horrible coffee.  The worst coffee I have ever had.
Very salty & water logged.
Smelled really good. But had mold on top, so I threw it away. Very disappointed!
product appears to be cut up paper and has no smell what so ever. DO NOT BUY
These were repackaged and did not taste good.  I should not be charged for them
This product is advertised as full sheet, but it is not. The quality is also pretty low.
I was unable to consume this product for my cheese and piclkle sandwich
Horrible flavor. Sending this back!
The tast my son did not like it
It is regular pepsi not real sugar pepsi as stated in the ad
unfortunately, tasteless
Those do not work with the K2 version of the Keurig. Glad I only bought 25
I dislike that this product contains sub stustanses that harm the internal health
Not what I would have though it would be.
The apples were stale, absolutely not one crunch bite and smelling old!!
Does not taste good will never purchase again I recommend to pass on this item
The package was damaged and the chocolate powder was leaking all over the place.
Packages were open and sticky, I purchased this product from another seller and had no issue.
Says 3 pack only received 1. This is the second time I have tried reaching out.
the content is rancid
It should be zero review... false advertising and which means very expensive just for 1 box
When the jar arrived the seal was broken it leaked What a mess!!!!!
Only sent 1 out of 4
all the cans were extremely dented  very dissatisfied
It smelled like dead fish so I threw it away. Will never waste money on this again
The box came open and the candy is hard as a rock and steal
Unfortunately, the seal was broken and there was no lid! I had to throw away.
First of all at was VERY expensive.  2nd it has zero flavor.  Do not waste your money!!
The value and quality was very poor.  Definitely not what I expected.
The flavor made me nauseous. I think it is the artificial sweetener. I was totally disappointed.
Nothing more needs to be said. Could not eat them.
This is the absolute worst tasting tea ever!! I threw the entire box out
Will Not ever buy again
The yeast was dead. It is the first time ever that has happened to me.
Nobody needs this big of a kit kat bar
This stick grew 2 branches and died shortly after. I bought the bonsai potting soil and everything.
Received open and Box was crushed
I liked it but the TOSTITOS were ALL crushed....
Very disappointed as these were not sugar free
It tasted like the wax milk carton to me.
I will not be buying this product again.
Taste is bland, not as expected
2pk????? Only one pack.
Are they safe to eat if bag came torn open? Looks like a straight cut so disappointed!
Terrible  taste and smell throw in trash
Huge slit in the bag. Not very fresh. Other bag was fine.
Do not waste your money
Every single one of the 18 I ordered were broken! Returned for a refund!
Can was rusty and seemed to be leaking a little, smelled like fish.
it was melted...could not use
I actually like liver But not these My dogs disagree with me
Very old potaoes. Arrived greyish, soft and already sprouting.
Not happy is not compatible with my Kuerig 2.0, it states it is compatible!
Spoiled before I could use it,had it for two weeks in my fridge and when I opened it was spoiled
for the price it sucked
The boxes for these products were very out of shape and crushed.
It came hard as a rock and is not usable.
The crackers are tasteless and about 75% broken into little bits. Oh and expensive!
Did not even come close to maple flavor
Did absolutely nothing!!!!!
Product was stale especially the cheetos
Oiliness was expected. Saltiness made product inedible. Despite price, I threw them out.
They just fall apart! Absolutely hopeless!
Second time I have have gotten this jerky and within a week it is growing mold
This is animal cruelty. Amazon, please stop caring this.
Cannot even try it
There is soapy taste!
This makes meat taste like nasty artificial chemicals.
Delivered wrong flavor. I requested sugar-free.
Four of 6 can bent,  I see one or 2 but 4
Candy appeared to be old. Not much variety. Would not recommend
Incorrect order, flowers arrived dead.
Flavor is gone in about 5 minutes!
rotten witin a day
There is no cooking directions...
"Does it work? In one word ""NO!"" LOL!  One thing for sure, it freshens your breathe."
Thin, runny and no cheese In It. Very little blue cheese flavor. Do not buy
My items were crushed. Hard eating, when the are crushed. I am very disappointed.
Product was delivered damaged (broken jars) and placed a complaint and nothing, not even a sorry.
Too Hot to Handle !!! Cannot eat it ! Way too HOT !!!
The latest one i for taste rancid. It was too late to return since it was one in reserve
Not real Ceylon. Most likely Cassia cinnamon.
Candy was not fresh . Will not order again and definitely not recommend it
Every package that we have open has been crumbs never again
These chocolates are old and discolored.
I do not know what I was expecting, but what I got was horrible.
The bags were 1/2 full or less some had only about 15 chips. I will not buy again.
It is terrible. Tried one bag, gave the rest away. Do not waste you are money on this Jerky.
flavor is not good at all.
Not worth the money for small packs !Should be Big Box s For $30. Disappointed Hostess !!
When I recovered the order was in very bad condition broken into piceces.
I did not know it was for the microwave and the taste was too bland.
Container cane damaged with product leaking all over other items. Unusable but cannot return.
These are as hard as a rock.  Awful.
Slightly rancid.
The safety seal on this item was open. It is completely useless.
I do not know if this was plastic or synthetic cheese.
The taste is very lacking. Not worth the cost spent. I was hopeful, but let down.
All sixteen bags of trail mix had expired 2 months before we received them.
The expir time is after 3 month
This package arrived smashed and melted. Not able to use for my daughter's party. A total waste.
They changed the product. These are gross. Do not waste your money.
6 moths past expiration date! Expired spices :(
Just not a good flavor.
Yucky old bars were delivered.
The product was open
This is not even cilantro. At best its stale parsley. It has no flavor at all.
Too watery to enjoy.
this kind is discussing all the other flavor I like but this one eeeeeeeeeeee
Do not purchase. Bag damaged cookies crushed.
This was spoiled when my husband opened it it spelled horrible
Terrible, nothing grew. Do not waste your time or money.
Product came damaged and broken, big mess, would like a refund.
All of the candy was melted and the wrappers were stuck to the chocolate.  A big mess.
Strawberries were NOT edible! Tasted old and nasty
Dislike produc bad shape not fresh
Second time these are stale, dry, broken & flaking off the chocolate shells. Will not try again.
All the chips of different variety were expired not eating them
All the flavors tasted the same and were  too sweet.
The flavor is poor
Dated 18 months prior to delivery
5 days and nothing. No bubbles even. Followed directions exact.
The top looks great, so soft and soggy you cannot slice it, never order again.
It tasted too processed
all but four were busted open and empty - cannot return them .....do not order
Buyer beware this is not a big box. Says larger size and that is deceiving.
A scam.  Should be a store box of 8 for this price.
Nasty!!! Tasted like old moldy cheese! And this is what I found in the box!
worst purchase I have ever made. Total rip-off. Cost of the quantity.
These came stuck together TWICE!! Completely unusable. Do not waste your money!
Terrible. These look and taste like they have been around since at least 2019.
Please back My money I garbage and sorry if I not this back this product
Our bags leaked so not too impressed.
The pepsi came EXTREMELY FLAT...it was not good at all and I bought 3
Every single pastry puffs were broken when received.
Peanuts are hard and very small with very little taste..
Arrived melted into blobs. Ruined my Easter for the kids. They have a no return policy. 
If you are looking for 12 oz cans, DO NOT order this. They are 16 oz cans.
This tastes nothing like soy sauce. It was a waste of money for me!
The chip was open
did not get to taste the honey
Bad quality weak plant, bad service
The product was the worse
I only received 2 boxes not a pack of 3.
Fast not good and size was dissatisfied.
Took forever to arrive, too expensive
Came with broken seal and no foil seal either. Leaked out all over, was not worth sending back.
They tasted so bad I had to throw them out
I am not happy and unable to return. The box is busted and unable to use contents.
One of the 7 bags was sealed and completely empty
Just warn water.
They turned moldy the second day and I had to throw them all away.
That is a rip off I will never ever buy because it is a rip off 
I paid for 2 bags but only received one
I did not have 12 boxes of snacks
Everything was expired
Melted and gross.... cannot really say much else.
Not very tasty. Throw bag away, the peanuts were stale.
Jar received broken inedible. Told its non returnable but I did not break it
Not good, very dry and not flavor.
Tasteless. Waste of money. Do not even bother.
It had so much Christmas candy in it.
Candy was very very hard threw away not worth the time to return would not buy again.
Th taste is not fresh!!
Not what I expected I did not get the bottle water candy
Supposed to be 9 honey buns per box with 6 boxes. Received 6 boxes with 6 honey buns in each box.
No fruit aroma, no fruit taste, just somewhat bitter black tea.
Small tiny dry pieces of squid in thick black sauce.  Horrible.
Got this for a Christmas present December 2021But everything inside the box expired in 2020
Did not use it, I was expecting to refrigerate and chill and then eat.
product of chyna. says warning source of lead and cadium. might as well just not be food
Extreme amount of powdered cheese flavoring makes this product inedible.
It was very moldy both jars on the outside. In the garbage!!
Have not even heard of some of these candies there were no mallow cups I am very disappointed
Came just in the envelope-no seal on the bottles either and cannot be replaced or returned.
.because it s a sweet potato . It tastes very  sweet
I wa not ready for the taste.
These water bottles came completely burst open and broken. Unusable.
Very unhappy with the quality of this product.
Came broken and leaking
My box arrived on time but was crushed and the crackers were smashed. 
Terrible consistency and no taste
The fruitcake was even worse than Claxton fruitcake and I want my money back! Dr. Carl
I received these yesterday and they are expired,  non returnable.
Old. Hard as a rock, do not buy.
Extremely weak coffee and bitter taste
These chips when received were expired...this should not happen!
one can arrived dented.
Has a horrible aftertaste.  Made me sick
Taste is hard to take. I threw it away but maybe it is just me.........and my taste buds!
Many of the tablets were crumbling with a good bit of powder in the bottom of the bottles.
For the price you would expect a full tub not a barely filled tub of crumbled cotton candy.
Ordered these, SODA POPS, and got regular sour patch kids instead.
Third time our order came and was just crumbs
Arrived smashed, definitely would not purchase again.
I disliked that they arrived to me melted, no heart shape.  I had to throw them away.
Excellent product irresponsibly shipped.
Agree with other reviewers, tastes like chemicals.
The box arrived open and had 4 bags of the pretzels missing.
product did not have any mocha flavor to it. will never buy again
Not to my taste.
Stale and very bland
"Over priced ""crap"""
Terrible !  I threw the full bag out after tasting first piece.
Poor quality. Bought 2 and both dead . Sad because they were gifts!
When I opened this package it had bad smell from it as it was very old
They taste like some kind of chemical nasty will not ever buy again
Do not buy it!! it broke as soon as I opened it, very cheap quality.
Unfortunately this arrived open and all over my other items.
The bread arrivedvin pieces vs. slices, unfortunately.
Only about 10 ounces worth of candy, and it is quite dull and flavorless
Tastes terrible, not worth the extra money. Or any money.
I use cinnamon sticks to make wassail which is a good hot drink at Christmas.
No it was terrible It was old ! Please refund me
Terrible. The fish are great these were not very good to say the least.
Not fresh... ugly looking snap peas
5 tiny candy canes for $7.50 guess I did not look at description
This came open. Probably going to throw this out since I cannot return it.
Hi. I got the package open and damaged
I do not have a picture as we gave them all away. They tasted horrible
The matcha flavor was weak compared to the sugar.
Tasted was not good
This product is gluten free and not as advertised.
They were all crumbs when they arrived.
Disappointed not special
Do not buy this . It is a RIP off.
I was sent expired fruit, so not purchase because you cannot return.
They were not fit to eat.  Mushy!
Two packages ordered every single piece broken upon arrival. Disappointing.
They are large oily bricks with a slightly burnt taste - not at all what I was expecting
Absolutely no flavor!! Waste of money and has no FRUIT JUICE!! artificial flavoring...
These were so smashed, half the bag was crumbs. There was absolutely no flavor.
I have tried several different brands of sea moss the only one I am out looking nothing like sea moss
Candy came melted. Do not buy
Damaged upon arrival..
More than half of the cans damaged. I should return this item.
Was not for us, did not melt very well with hot milk, we thought is lack flavor.
There is a white film on each of the three candy bars.
There was black hard pieces in my coffee pods .
This stuff tastes more like charcoal than chocolate
I did not like the taste or consistency
We still have not use this product because we find it unsafe since the bag was open/damaged.
Disgusting and would not buy again. No way to request return/refund.
Bleh!  Does not mix and tastes terrible.
Like others have mentioned, I was only sent one box and not three.
Was not what I expected. I would not recommend it.
I thought it was 5 pounds - but it is only 1 pound and ask for $13, way too expensive!!
Coffee grounds come out, does flow right
Tons of sugar on these. Very messy.
These are not purple and yellow. They are most definitely blue and yellow.
not what i wanted
needs a better description
The package arrived totally melted and not edible
Not good, the taste was horrible. Even chilled very bad.
I wish I had taken a picture but it melted and I had to throw it away
Tons of seeds I do not recommend
Unfortunately the glass was broken and we'r could not use product - very disappointed
These were not good, Kiss my Keto are WAY better.
Scam. Zero stats. 1 pound . It does not worth 24 dollars.
Flavor was just ok , would not buy again .
Was busted open I hope there is still enough to try it....
taste not good to me. Something in it, probably sweetner, not tolerated by my body.
The chips were broken into pieces except for like 2 on top..
this tea does not work. I had absolute no effects from this tea
I wanted the salted caramel  tea  NOT the BLACK TEA SALTED CARAME;
This burned my mouth and tasted like rubbing alcohol.
No flavor at all. I would not recommend it at all.
Bought this as a present. Package seriously damaged. No possibility to return or refund.
I only gave this a 1 star because  I only got 1 can for that price.
Small portion size and hard texture
Broken cap...leaked everywhere
they were not fresh and did not have a very good taste
They smelled like chemicals and we had to throw the whole thing out
Old stale threw away
disappointed in overall quality.  Small, broken, discolored, and hard as a rock pieces.  CJG
Prefer other brands not recommend
Package torn open, I just threw it in the trash
The taste was definitely not a good quality. I would not buy them again.
YOU only get one pack not 2
These were so dried out, hard, sun maid has gone down hill
I would never have bought this from a store. Sack was taut and bloated.
To small for the price
Hard as rocks. Not worth the money. Wrappers are cute.
Could not eat or try anything it arrived all melted and gross
I purchased 2 Jars and they were just placed inside a box with nothing else in there
tastes healthy and too organic in a bad way
brought from local store after fact for less then 4 dollars
This was cost $4  Are you serious?
The product says 10 come in the box. Mine only came with 7
Dissatisfied. I only received 27 packs, most of which sound crushed. Beware.
It is a different recipe than the old good one
No chicken flavor at all ,crust very good,the rest was awful.
Not sturdy , I lost 3 out of 6
Not fresh. Can not return because of food grade. Never buy again
Awful they taste terrible.
"These tasted awful! My kids promised to call ""them people"" on me if I made them eat anymore."
The bubbles are not rainbow. They are black.
Taste was not that great
I have ordered this twice. Both times it arrived with the cap off.
It is a thick as Pancake syrup and it taste like cough syrup
Poor in quality.
Horrible stuff - it is a green/blue color and tastes terrible!
I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR IGOT TWO SMALL BOTTLES OF ORGANIC GARLIC PEPPER
No taste and very stale.
They taste more like anise than fennel
This was leaking and unusable. No return policy and no option to discuss with anyone. Not happy
Onion Not Good. 
The package is expired.  Date is April 2022
I soaked it overnight as recommended and it was still hard and bitter tasting.
The came quickly but they were stale
i was so looking forward to this and could not use it.  threw it out.
I bought 2 bags of avocado 365 organic but all are bad rotten
Price too high, they are just cookies, try your local supermarket first.
The first bag we opened was rancid and items can not be returned or exchanged.
Love all the flavor
I wanted a oil base spray for the griddle....., Not water....  I just want my money back
not much chicken & too much gloop. just not good
This product does not work for me. I did not lose any weight this month.
Nasty, would not recommend these. They are very bitter tasting. Taste nothing like Pecan Pie.
The kefir is not growing!
I have loved bbq fritos since I was a kid but these came in and were stale. Do not buy!
Just received product, still not opened, and it is moldy. Unable to return apparently....not happy!
These were downright inedible.
The maltesers we got were stale. Recommend not buying.
This tastes awful, could not even finish, it is too sweet and have some weird taste
Perfect topper, made a great hit with guests at party.
Coffee was stale
This stevia is not good.  Leaves an after taste.
Over half of my cans were dented!!  Do not buy!!
Using it in a popcorn popper and only about 2/3rd's of it pops. Never buy it again.
Product was brown when received. Item is not eligible for return so I basically lost out.
Look at the shipping cost.
Every can is dented. Not impressed
The creamy top is rarely solid when opened.  Unlike the clover brand.
I bought these Because someone said they really liked them, but they were not so good in my opinion
disgusting, from years ago, I cannot believe that one would send this out to anybody
Theses mushroom tasted like the can awful
Bought to have just in case.Know  I am having to use right away.Oh butter sandwich,with every meal.
Product is good...Amazon payment tracking choice is a failure....ADIOS !!
Does not taste the same it has changed the bag in the box is Jeff night do not like the taste
Looks disgusting. Never saw black dried apricots before.
I pan fried it, then eat it with my noodle soup, it is way salty for my taste.
Stale and taste like old storage.  Abs I cannot even return it!!!
It is so taffy like. Sticks to you are teeth.
I will not buy your products until Nestle leaves Russia.
Shipping box was damaged and 4 boxes of crackers were no good.
I do not think this was actual authentic sweet leaf sweet drops. They taste funny.
All the color are mix
Lots of the prepared food are gross. Maybe i am not use to overly processed foods
These tasted awful do not recommend.
Rubbery and chewy texture. Not a normal consistency.
gross, Tanka treats ARE FAR BETTER. These are WAY too salty. Disgusting.  Do not waste your money.
"Candy was sealed. However the ""doggies"" were hard, unbiteably tough."
Expensive! I got more from the store for $.75 cents
Barely got a flavor
This product tastes like thick Tomato candy paste. Made my head spin. Ugh...
Waxy, tasteless chocolate.  I would definitely not recommend.
Received a package that was opened and not sealed.
As the title says, it tastes awful.
GMO not disclosed in product description. I guess inflation equals cost cutting
half of them were broken when I received them
6 of the 8 bags were open when they arrived
Too expensive for portion and size
Do not waste your money. Junk.
Could not believe how bad these tasted. Sampled two and tossed the rest in the trash.
I would have loved to try this sauce, but it arrived in pieces. Cannot return.
Hard and was not good
They were good but the product was all smashed up by Time I received it
Most of my 2 pounds of chestnuts were rotten, the ones that did not appear rotten tasted bad.
Awful flavors and quality.
hardly carbonated, cannot read expiration date, I think is old.......will try to return
orange juice should NOT taste like this!
I only received 1 of 3 bags of kisses.
Do not spend money on these stale cashews!  Waste of money.
This product came spoiled and I cannot issue a refund or replacement.
This is not dry strawberry it is something like a Jello
It is over priced tastes horrible
Getting crystallized after 3 weeks
Candy taste old...  And skittles were not include as advertised on page.
rancid smell bad and taste bad cannot return thru away
Very odd assortment of Very little taste!
The package looks so old! So, I try to return, however, this item is not eligible for return!
These were covered in some clear slime, it was disgusting. What a turn off.
waste of my money
VERY BAD AND YOU CANNOT RETURN
It was mint sludge basically
Selling products with expired expiration dates.
They were 3 months past the expiration date when we received them. Threw them all in the trash
Expired 1/22/19. Received 2.36.19!!
Much smaller than picture
Nothing. Expected something completely different.
Product was low quality product-waist of moneywill never buy again!
Cat piss aroma... nuff said
The box was pretty empty when I got it. Nothing special at all. Not a fan.
Tastes horrible.
I disliked that all of the chips were very stale and there was no refund.
decorating but no shape to use.
I expected cheap coffee, but this was pretty bad.
Hard and dry.  Ended up throwing them out.
The after taste is terrible.  I bought this for my girlfriend and it was not a good gift.
Tastes stale and cheap.  The corn is very cheap quality.  More herbal then corn once popped.
It was delivered all kinds of messed up. Each pocky was broken
They were all sticky
Nothing against delivery, just does NOT taste good. At all.
These were yuck and tasted old.  Never again.
does not really work as advertised. got to hit it several times and it splatters
Absolutely no mangoes taste and very faint mint would not order this product again
It is like eating cardboard baked inside of cardboard. Not enjoyable in the slightest
In all due respect  ----------seems to have a lot of fill.....
Buyer be aware the 5 pack I got were out of freshness date
Hard as a rock; I think they are stale/old. I suggest steer clear of these.
Ugh.  This stuff was not what I expected.  Looked like mud.  Tasted like dirt.
Only received one of the 12 packs. Please send me the 11 other packs or send a refund.
Ice bag came warm and product was not eatable
The lid was busted and unusable
Not individually wrapped and all bunched together and broken when open.
Check the best by date... not worth buying.
This is like eating paper with some flavorings on it.
Horrible skunk-like aftertaste. Will only buy direct from Costco now on.
The product description states ORGANIC, nevertheless, they send you non-organic butter.
Tastes and consistency is nowhere near pasta. What a waste. Maybe we can use it on a salad...nope.
Not what I was expecting
Only receive 22 out of 24 cans in one of the cases. All loose and in a clear tied up garbage bag!
Cute idea but tastes disgusting!!
Not nearly enough smoke flavor compared to Harney & Sons.
go back to school. eggs do not come from plants.
Who enjoys drinking this crap!??? It is nasty tasting and overly priced!
This sparkling water is disgusting! My family does not like it at all.
very light brew.  This is not a dark roast coffee.
Please give me a refund or product that is not expired!!!!!!
Did not like. was not creamy and rich.
They do not taste super fab.. Other flavors may be delish but I am a little hesitant to try.
Super, super, ridiculously sweet.
Was supposed to be a box of 12 mixes and was only one box and it was out of date.
not fresh at all, Did not feel safe eating them.
It was missing from my order.
I just received it. I will say nothing, but the pictures can show a bit of the trouble
Gross really , no REALLY freaking gross. What the hell was i thinking?
Item is stale and out of dated Cracker jacks all the bags are stale 
These taste so awful. I could not even finish one bite.
Hazelnuts have a very distinctive taste (musty) when old & these have it!
Items need replaced two of the three bottles leaked . Who do I contact to get a replacement
The flavor is really bad and old, do not waste the money
Very poor quality...totally molded produce.
"It is so wet, it can""be used."
The nuts tasted stale and a horrible smell.
There is a flavor in there and it is not chocolate. Blech.
It really bad. No taste and the water comes dark green
This is in fact only a one pack, even though it is advertised as a 2pk. Beware!
Product this bad should not be sold
I wish I could return it
Not a fan of these. Taste bland
Did not like these at all.  They were too sweet and tasted like fake jello.  Will not but again.
Both packages came with all the sticking on the outside of each Gin gin Gamz
I rip considering the price
Product arrived damage and opened
Taste old, packaging said best until next month. What a waste of money!!!
Nothing good to say , highly disappointing product.
Poor flavor and texture. Taste nothing like real brioche buns. Would not purchase again.
Was no good when we got it.  Was hard as a rock
Tastes fake, just like all others flavored coffees
The bread was terrible, it was very dry and was rotted out in about 3 days
These are not certified kosher by the OU
Brew failure.  By day 5 I had mold growing.  Very disappointed in this starter and scoby.
I receive the wrong product. And this purchase is not supported by return/refund policy.
Terrible choices hurl.
I am tired of being forced to watch these dumb ads
Very expensive, no taste, like your eating soft wax.  Not worth the purchase.
Do not taste like Punkin spice there is no pumpkin in it thank you
Please do not buy this producto. Taste old and packs are very small. Cannot return these
Item came with a hole in the package so the sugar went all over other items
I was supposed to get 12 bags I got one bag and it was a week late
Rock hard sugar on arrival and unable to use other than as a paper weight or weapon
Was stale pretty much right out of the box so I threw them away because no food refund from Amazon
I took one sip and had to spit out. I have submitted a request for refund from the seller.
The vinegar flavor was overpowering.
Came with seal broken so dumped down drain
Was opened up and had some wet substance all over it
Came melted, was not eligible for return. Would give zero stars if able. No hate just not great.
The water was fine but we were missing some bottles because they were broken
The flavor was on the bitter side and the texture was a little grainy. Not a hit in our household.
Advertised as fitting Keurig k cups, half of the order did not. A major disappointment
Does not sparkle as expected. Melts on icing. Disappointed.
It is ridiculous. I ordered a pack of 12 and I only got one???? And it is not returnable??? S
I got four but I ordered 2 Also, not very fresh
Too much bone and grizzle. Very little meat.
They do not do a thing but tastes good.
Too expensive for such a small piece
Very hard and tasted bad
I received a mold infested package!! Do not buy!!
I actually requested a return on this item because it did not contain The Mother.
Very disappointed that this is made in China and the literature does not say that!
It is ok has a lot of after taste.
This flavor was too heavy, even for whiskey it was too heave.
These are not sweet I am not sure why but I had to add sweetener to them.
Again. Somebody could have said not for beef stew.
Too expensive for the amount.
Worst coffer ever. This coffee is so weak. It is like drinking water. Thoroughly disappointed.
Tastes bitter. Ruins anything it is put with
They tasted stale!
Pecans were over cooked. Awful taste .
Ripped and too expensive. Poor quality item. Refund requested AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Please refund in full.
They never ripend and turned hard as a rock.  I had to throw them out.
They could not even drink it
very disappointed......
Smells so freaking bad and the thought that I put it to my lips to drink!
Stale, cracked and tasted like sawdust
Sorry. I had to throw it away it was so awful. Maybe for a specialized taste. . .
Content was liquid oil. Was not able to try.
It would fall under the worse mountain house I have ever tasted.
Tastes like chalk and flavorless, has the same texture as chalk too
This product was delivered several days late and was smashed and it cannot be returned!!
Yuck.  This decaf is awful.  Do not bother buying this.
Nowhere did it say I would be sent seeds
Arrived expired not happy at all so no good flavor
Not worth the cost.
YUK! TOO HARD AND THE FLAVOR IS LAME.
Clean energy but hate the taste. Had to mix with OJ to taste better. Will not buy again.
Nothing but crumbs. Very disappointing .
It takes like a cherry sneezed in the same room as a cup of water.
the worst drink i have ever had, made me very sick
Bags were not sealed right.  They opened at bottom when pick them up!!!! They went everywhere.
Candies are rock hard. Not creamy at all.
I should have ordered 1 instead of the 8pa k no. Returnable. 
Too old & not eatable!
I found this tea to have little or no caffeine. Too weak for my taste.
Tasted awful. Very chemical. Overly sweet. Not coconut at all. Threw it out.
Flowers did not arrive fresh at all; dead and wilted on second day of arrival.
These had very little to no flavor, tasted like rubber. Would not buy these again.
Candy was smashed and all the nougat had melted out of the bars. Will not re-order.
My kewpie mayo arrived split and runny. Very disappointing.
That is moldy, I do not recommended
These beans are oily and not good for espresso machines.
Not sure what happen but this tastes horrible
Found bugs inside the bag.
Dislike. All pods used thus far have been leaving the cup full of grounds.
Ghirardelli is a good brand but this flavor is not worth getting.
Junk save your money
45 days nothing Took as directed
This is terrible flavor disgusting nasty
This bag is full of worms.
A motivated individual, can easily make a better chip. Just cannot indorse.
"It says ""Whole Green Peas"" but I received split Green Peas."
I think this is very expensive especially when you feed orioles
Rip-off - I thought I was getting more than 1 jar.  Good lesson!
Awful! Candy was melted and squished then solidified again. Disgusting
Does not work how everyone makes it out too be
Tasted bad got ill
The taste does not meet up to expectations. Will Not be ordering again.
Weird texture-taste weird
Only received one bottle and the description clearly states you get two!
Just added tonns of sugar
It is a knock off it taste like all Vinegar
No good. Tastes rather old !
If you want coffee that tastes worse than water, this is your brand. Disgusting.
"Jar came full of liquid ""oil"" unlike any coconut oil ever consumed."
Very expensive for the quality
I would not recommend
The cooked chicken was somewhat slimy, and there was a piece that was only half cooked.
Danger! This is not real sea moss and appears to be made of paper tissue or something similar.
Despite the lies in the product description this is an expensive bottle of imported olive oil.
The lemon candy did not make it into the box
Item arrived and gummy bears are very hard.
This product appears to be old. Not going to try them. Not happy. Can not get a refund.
I have eaten many low carb and low sugar products and the taste of these were among the worst.
I had to throw away 2 fruit cups that were punctured.
This is sugary with zero flavor
These fruity snacks are way too sweet and not tasty at all.  No way to return them??????
Crust was dry, inside was pastry
Not hot, all sour.
This never did well and is pretty much dead now
not a good taste, no evidence of improvements !
I cannot drink this, it is horrible.  Waste of my money.
Came ripped open, and now there is potato starch *everywhere.*
What star? They were all broken small peices.
Even the expiration date is June 2020, the apricots are already turning brown ...
No flavor, stale, and really hard and chewy.  Will not purchase again.  Do not buy.
Had gross moldy looking pieces mixed in the bag.  Not impressed.
First bone on Chicken Of the Sea tuna.. and now this? Staying away from canned tuna for a while
Worst fondant. Not pliable despite heavy kneading
this mess with my knees stop taking it my knees are getting better but not where I was before
Seal was broken. Can not trust a product with a broken seal!
Arrived all melted into one blog of chocolate & seeds
This tastes horrible. Even microwaved it is the grossest artificial sweetness flavor ever.
Sorry, I just did not like it.  Great concept. Loved the idea.
5 lbs of double-dipped, chocolate covered peanuts arrived 1 day late, melted in 2 solid blocks
Flavor good, but only received one in the shipment.
Straight up not having a good time
21 grams of sugar. More like candy than healthy protein bar.
Was hopeful this would come close to pop tarts. Unfortunately much closer to cardboard.
Did not change the taste of the popcorn. Certainly did not taste like real butter.
I figured it would be stronger than the regular but it is not. Flavor is ok though
These snacks lack flavor and have a tough texture.  Waste of money!
they were too big and do not have the original flavor
The box was open
It is twice as expensive as Costco, and the price/performance ratio is not good!
it is a one time purchase only!
Flavor was horrible.  Sorry.  :-(
I did not receive the original Aunt Jemima bottle.
I got one good and one moldy onion. But other than that all my other groceries arrived great.
Arrived broken and with the box in terrible shape.
These dry mushrooms in no way resemble porcini mushrooms.
Literally only one in the entire box was unbroken.
90% of the packages were out of date and tasted awful! Would not recommend!
The box was damaged and the cap was off and Parton it was missing. The product leaked in the box.
These are not dehydrated they are baked not what I wanted.
Non refundable and this is how I received my tea. Very disappointed.
Very deceiving  from photo.  Very small size for the price
Citric acid? Water and salt? Why acid?
The chocolate and nuts were stale
These arrived super stale and not enjoyable at all.
Picture is very deceptive.
It came on a plastic grocery store bag.  It looks gross and will be thrown away.
These oranges were hard and dry. This is my first complaint regarding the oranges
Old and weird color
These smell awful  and look old.
Made in Israel, not enough information about this product
These are gross!!!
"Bought the ""Nacho-flavored"" version. Tasted like fish-rot. Beware."
Chocolate arrived completely melted together. Mother's day gift ruined.
Not a good value for what you get
This tasted to me like flat soda water.  No hint of tangerine.
The chips were not salty at all and did not taste very fresh and some were burnt on the edges
Package came open without product
Arrived expired I ordered two different times and both times arrived expired. Live and Learn
Wow what a disappointment! Bland, boring, worse than Twinnings tea bags.
Needed more cream and some sweetness
Received with all broken apart. Not a single bun was attached. ?
I just had to open and smell it to know I was not going to use it.... Went straight to the trash
It is taste horrible.  I could not even finish  it.
It came frozen and had acrimonious smell even after cooking.
Wish I could give zero stars. No taste at all. Should have read the reviews first.
I would not  buy this again, pretty simple for the price  I did not like them
It is not real honey. I bought it at Publix. It mix up with water because not thick.
I would not buy it again the bread completely fell apart
Way too much money for one bag - I did not do the math properly before I purchased. My bad.
Received regular gummies instead
They are so small!!!
The entire roast is broken in 100 pieces. This happens with every order !!
Oops, I think I made a big mistake here.
Ordered and Arrived in December expired in November
All the packages of chips were stale
I too received a package of 18 bags that weighs 27 grams.  That is NOT what the listing states.
It came like this. :-(
Decent price. But received expired boxes. One more than a year and the other one a few months.
It tastes awful.
I could not even tell it was a jar of sundried tomatoes. Very disappointed.
Item arrived broken with the cocoa all over the package. I cannot even return it.
Not so good, very grainy.
Taste like wax. Tiny tiny bottle for price. Was able to dip one ice cream cone.
No caramel flavor. Just a hint of sweetness.  Would not buy again.
New ingredients taste like chemicals.
yes they are cheap, but horrible coffee. taste like nothing.  need 4 pods for one cup.
All smashed not one whole pretzel
Very upset was not good or was hot
Product was unusable
NOT returnable!  Received old box, expires soon, taste is off and powder did not dissolve well.
These are both expired
Basically had all small tootsie rolls and small plastic junk toys. Total waste of money.
Box was leaking in the shipping box and there was matzo meal everywhere.
This is a high dollar bottle of A1
Tastes like coconut to me.
If you want very HOT, this is for you.  Will not buy again, EVER.
I should have read the reviews before I purchased. Way overpriced. I am so disappointed.
So dry I could not eat. Waste of money.
Died really quickly
I bought a whole box for nothing. The flavor has changed and needs to be fixed!
I will not be able to enjoy this item. I would prefer a replacement or a refund. Thank you.
Jar arrived broken and unusable. Not at all happy with this purchase.
Does not taste like vanilla or butterscotch tea. Will not purchase again.
Where is the taste?
these are not what i expected.. they look cheap and tacky. i will like a refund
The juice was open and I was not able to return it.
Misleading ad.. it says 6 boxes, but you only get 2.
Love it but lost in the mail
I will not be buying this again! The chamoy taste very bitter. It gave me a plastic after taste
Are you nuts!!??? $100 for a 12 pack.talk about price gouging.
dry and burn from over baking? bad!
Not happy with it  !! Not enough noodles !  Had more water than noodles
This came with a busted seal and lid and cannot be returned. What a joke!!!! Do not buy.
i know this brand makes good pancake, but $15-20 a box?? WOW.
Bag had a rip and it was messy after taking out of the box
I did not like it at all. I had to give it away
Do not buy this. It is not a Tower of tins. It is 3 tiny cans. Rip off.
The flavor is more like chemical, rather than cherry.
I do not know why, but all of the Torani syrups taste kind of gross to me
More like tomato soup with chewy noodles than ravioli.
They were expired and the color of it was darker than normal I will not be buying these again.
Do not buy! It is not tea, just some dust.
There is entirely too much moisture in these to just open and eat. Very disappointing.
Came to my house a day before they expired...waist...
Terrible.  Not as described.
When the box was opened the glass was completely crushed. Useless!!
Love this jam. Cannot believe price. $3.97 at Trader Joe's. Dave your $$
It was fun, for like minute.
Could not really taste the onion.
This is total waste of money. No flavor at ALL.
The flavors were horrible and they tasted terrible
The bay leaves look like they are old.
No gooey center, waste of money and too much of it
not a true peanut butter taste
Candy was beyond stale.
Perhaps a singular reaction but this gives me headaches every time I drink it. Weird.
Headline explains it all. Bought in 10/13/2022.
Was a gift for my son, both he and my daughter tried it, said it tasted gross & stale
Not enough for price
Beware - you will only get (1) 15oz box and not (2) 15oz boxes like the description indicates
Would not recommend odd taste
Expensive for no reason!!!!
bad after taste could not eat them
Box was broke open, coffee leaked through box. Cannot return. Bummed.
Tea bags are half way full and strings fall off bags as if they were tampered with.
All the pieces were broken and the candy is old and not edible.
No taste at all the tea bags are so weak not worth the money
Save your money i could not use these chilies because there was some bugs in my chilies!!!
For $15 we got only one package. False advertising, This is not for six as advertised.
These must be old. no taste. so sad because this is usually a great tea.
I do not know what happened? There is 15 not 46 pieces
This is old and can not get a refund for icky candy that was to be a gift!
Money lost It is a small pack there is only 6 biscuits only
More than half were badly bruised and/or rotten. Do not waste your money.
Did not realize sodium was so high.  I have thyroid problems and cannot eat it.
The box of tea was opened and mutilated.
And it falls apart even when cooked by a professional cook, my wife.
The title says it all
It has a sour taste and is watery. Major disappointment considering the cost.
Unfortunately not a good flavor and too sweet for a plain yogurt. Cheap but I would not buy it again
This tasted terrible. Went right down the sink after first taste.
The worst bagels I have ever had! Edible, barely, but not enjoyable!
some popped kernels tasted spoiled/moldy had to throw out and get a refund
not very good. tastes rancid. will not buy again.
There was only 90 in my order. I am really upset about this. Why lie about the quantity??
Did not care for the stale & waxy. Not a repeat.
Arrived several months expired and had to throw away. Do not order!!
Had been opened when received. Non refundable. Money wasted.
Taste cheap. Not all that good in my opinion.
Item arrived unsealed. I am heartbroken!
These came expired. Gross.
Came all stuck together.
i do not think it is good i tryed it on popcorn and chicken and could barely taste it
They was smashed to pieces
the product is very liquid and rancid
It takes too much for mild sweetness.
Not fresh the flavor is okay
Way darker than i thought. Almost tastes burnt.
There are no direction in English , that make any sense ?
Packages were taped up film on top of the candy was ripped open therefore making it unedible
The chocolate was grey
The product arrived and it was 7 months past it expiration date! Beware
Cannot use product because seal was open
These tasted terrible and were unusable.
Beware pouches looked rusty and dirty..they smelled like they were bad but date was good
Too hard, not crispy
Do not buy them. They are likely stale, mine were. Impossible to chew.
I love ribbon candy but it was all just crumbled in shipping.
It was missing the lid. Pretty disappointed.
crumbs will not buy anymore
Very bland mostly pretzels
it tastes awful. I suspected it would....it is canned beef....
The test like flowers 
It arrived and it is already 2 months old
It came as one large congealed mass.  And it is not eligible for return.  What do I do?
Arrived 2/20  Expires 3/26
Terrible overbearing smell of sour whiskey
With Brachs no longer available I took a chance. These are disgusting. Take like chemicals.
I was sent expired product, I would like a replacement or refund.
They are very old, no crispy at all
Great product but cheaper at other places.
Product was hard and stale. Threw it all away
This product is horrible.
This stuff made my poop green.
Very hard to cut. Hard like stones.
Bought it for my husband on his birthday and he loved it.
Please avoid, they came open and damaged
Not a fan of the flavor.
Pods do not work with Keurig
Does not have the flavor of sourdough at all. Bread is dry & crumbles. Only good for toast.
I received an expired food item!! WTF!
Expected 48 but only received 12.
Half the lids were po]Ed off and seemed dried out.
It seems healthy but not really intended to freshen breath ??
gross taste and texture
This arrives Frozen but does not that well. Despite trying several defrost methods it was chunky.
The bottles were a sticky mess.
All 3 arrived thick and chunky. Really disappointed
Every can dented. Wish I would have read reviews before ordering.
The flavors are very bitter not to my liking
Not sour at all!
Pancakes are horrible  full bag of crap lol
This stuff taste nasty.
Purchased 2. One was decent enough to use, the other, trashed. Wilted and not salvageable.
Pizza is tasteless and mushy.  Will not buy again
There is absolutely NO banana flavor in this coffee at all. I found it quite bitter.
Dry and somewhat bland.  Tastes a lot like a protein shake without milk.
No thank you to the taste of this coffee. To bad I cannot return it.
Do not buy!!!!! Bags are only 1/3 full!!
This stuff will give you high blood pressure off of 1 bite, its way to salty.
These had mold before I even opened the package! I am so mad right now!
Inedible product.
NOT compatible, and non-returnable.
Yuck. Did not do anything as advertised.
Did not taste at all like the ones from Costco.  Extremely difficult to chew as they were very hard
I do not care for the touch of cinnamon.
clogs. not nearly as good as using basic oil. pam spray works way better. this stuff is terrible.
I was excited to get this order and sadly the entire box is stale. Disappointed .
Olives are small and tasteless. These are not a quality product. Suggest other brands.
The levels of lead are far to high for everyday use. Something like 430ppb.
Suffice it  to say, l am wondering if I should return it or just throw it in the trash can.
Or a mouth full of soap. Absolutely terrible!
Product was damaged and open when arrived
This taste horrible
"Barely half full!! And it is ""large""???? The bag is barely bigger than my hand"
There is nothing wrong with it just too spicy
Do NOT buy this. Bugs! Disgusting!
STALE. We opened a few of the packages and they were stale/ not edible. Do not buy this.
terrible. had a chemical taste and like they were sitting in a warehouse for years. will not buy again
All of the rings were broken, sometimes even the plastic part. What a waste of money
I waited about 2+ month. I am tired of waiting nothing. Money back thanks.
This is not that healthiest and taste like cardboard. My child said yuk. I had to throw them away.
Are it as a main meal!
Disappointed that the size of the product was not clarified.
Both of the bags were crushed.... opened and did not have anything but pieces.
I think it was out of date did not taste the way it should.  Very disappointed.
Will not use this product since it is made in Hatia
Far too many unhealthy ingredients.
Tastes like awful Thousand Island. Very disappointed
Showed up broken
Smells of chemicals
really horrible taste and I found out that I cannot return this item; bad choice on my part
taste horrible, good way to kill your cravings, sorry but this went straight to the garbage
Shame on me for not scrolling down where the listed these toxins. I threw it away!
To me it had no taste.
It was fatty, barely any in the bag to start with, just disappointing.
Bitter, oily tasting. I was so disappointed
"Taste horrible and ""can cause cancer"". No thanks, refund please!"
Smells strange. Taste horrible. Went directly in the trash due to no trade in allowed.
The pic was very flimsy.  I returned the item.
The flowers  died in 2 days.  My  GF was not happy about it.
Was very watery and did not have much flavor. Was not a fan of this at all
I love the Pringles but the chips in side are all broken
Received an expired pack threw it away
Flavor there, but all melted and in funky shapes. Could not use them for what I wanted.
i do not like the smell, its clumpy in coffee - not good in my opinion
Tasted like cardboard that sat in a barn cupboard for 10 years! It was terrible!
I got the items expiring in less than 2 months whereas the shelf life of this product is 2 years.
Several of the tea bags were broken and unusable.
Hard to hold,no handle,No grip,tastes DIFFERENT....
The candy was all melted together in each pack.
One bag was opened when I receive the package poured out over everything.
Horse Radish has a pretty powerful punch - this powder had NONE.  will not purchase again
The jerky was as hard as a rock.
Half of the snack bags expire less than a week after we received them!
The taste of it is so nasty
Awful! The only word I can come up with.
missing food quality
Th snack packs opened were stale and not edible.  Item difficult to return.
The most disgusting product
cookies tasted moldy
I was gouged to have this item priced at $10.99 !!!!
TOO CRUNCHY WITH BAD FLAVOR. THIS IS NOT FOR ICE CREAM. BAD PURCHASE.
They did not work to catch flys
I placed the order for 6 jars and only 1 arrived. $42 for 1 jar of salsa.
Often loses grinds when brewing.  Pretty much ruins the cup then.
We tried to like these, but the flavors were way off.
This is very nasty tasting crap
It just fell apart even though we followed the instructions to a t
I wanted to like it. But it tastes like pop rocks candy. Not what I expected.
Shrimp was spoiled
Seemed like chocolate was old. It was gray color coming out of package.
I threw away most of it, it had a black piece of leather cardboard in the DRINKS.
corn syrup, bourbon flavorings, no molasses, ...
Rhinestone was missing...
My package arrived quick. However they had been melted and rehardened in a solid mass.
Taste horrible in my opinion.
We are not best quality
came with lid broken but seal in tact so i tried it and it was barely ok. but that is just me
It was too much . I feel like a glass of water just remembering
Like so many others I did not notice this is half sugar.
Quality  and  benefits
Product was melted when delivered
Not tasty. Yuck!
They were stale.  Very hard to eat.
Plain, soggy and gross
Arrived damaged. Had to throw it out. So not a good experience
Chocolates arrived melted.
The flavor is horrible
Wish I read the reviews because they are 1000% spot on they are NOT green at ALL!!!
Too little about the size of a pinhead
The flour contained bugs when I opened it for the first time.
No flavor, seller does not take returns,  was a waste of my money.
I did report my experience with the product. I fail to see whereIdid not follow the guidelines.
Over $30 and it is not even full. You are paying for half of the portion only.
The bunch I just got consisted of 5 small radishes
Stale  taste, waste of money, and can not return or get refund. very upsetting deal
Impossible to tear open.
One minute and the flavor is gone.  Gum is hard to chew after a few minutes.  Will not buy again.
Stale, no discernable flavors besides chemical boozyness and dry old chocolate. Very disappointed.
Price per quantity is rediculous
the key lime flavor and coffee flavor are not a pleasant mix
in the pic it shows you get 12 - you do not...
However the Sauce has a tangy taste after tasting. Not for me
Rip off small can nothing like picture. Price gouging at its best.
My peanut M&Ms arrived on time but very stale.
Most bags expired this same months & were already very, very hard and stale
Not worth the money or consumption!! 
Not worth your time nor your money.
Krusteaz package arrived opened.  Unable to use.
Too expensive for what you get!
Trying to eat the dates was like chewing on a corn stalk.
These were not shelled
It did not work at all for me
Yuck, what a waste of good money, I would not purchase again (I could not give this stuff away)
Mini muffins were very very dry. You get what you pay for.
Not sugar free had alcohol sugar
They arrived as crumbs
Never try it after reading all ingredients.
Rip off, way too expensive
This is the worst tasting coffee I have ever had and to top it off I could not return it.
Layers and layers of fat. We kept on slicing it, we thought we would not be able to see the ham.
I did not get moldy mushrooms, nor I had to open the tray to see!
I love the product but my package was hot when I received it. 81 bucks down the drain.
The gold color is like greenish very poor quality
Oxidized to inedible and cracked in half
Two boxes missing from 3 pack
Impossible to stir to an easily usable consistency.  Way too thick.
literally came popped. and the ones that were not popped were disgusting
Horrible tasting ...really wanted my money back taste like crap
Advertised as 8 boxes. Only received one box.
Extremely tiny, broken pieces and some pieces clumps.
Way too salty, flavor is not good at all. Very disappointing.
Product with a best by date of 10-28-2017 was delivered in May of 2018.
The chocolate tastes old so do not waste your money!
Just plain awful
Bought the vanilla. It was terrible!  Too sweet!
Tasted ok, but there were like 8 crackers in this box. Screw Whole Foods and screw Amazon.
Only one of two cans was shipped and it is not eligible for refunds or return.
Probably it is a good seasoning, but I never know, I never receive it
Absolutely nasty. Do not waste your money. So dried out could barely break them with my teeth
This tastes like dried lemon peel. Not the zest but the peel. Tough and no flavor
this sucks burned my tounge and not even packaged and and most were half eaten
These have a very weird after taste. I will stick to Gin Gins, they taste way better.
Way cheaper at mijers or walmart do not waste your money
A lot of the mints were melted when we received the order.
They are larger than regular m&ms and they have a very faint odd taste.
Horrible over priced was ashamed to gift it to my pure italian family
I really did not like these
I wasted my money on this. It was rotten.
Terrible, tastes like super cheap instant coffee. Did not taste like Starbucks at all.
It arrived wrapped in oil soaked wrap. Not returnable.
Item dented and leaking
Not at all the best tasting or smelling of chili.
Clear not purple foil wrapped Hershey kisses ! Very disappointed.
It was small and flat
The taste was not pleasant at all!!! like medicine
Cannot even try the product because it arrived opened. The top freshness seal was ripped off.
it is dead by the time it gets here, waste of money.
Mini boxes you can get full size for this price!!
These cookies are terrible, taste stale. Will not be buying any more.
Taste like chemicals Stay away
Do not waste money.  Ferrero taste want to be.
Do not buy these they arrived leaking all over
Too little for too much money
The flavor was not good at all.
Would not order again only received 2 of the the 3pack .Very upset .
The taste was just yuck.  would never buy again
13 RC cans busted  he thew the box down on the crecret walkway he needs his kick.
It tasted awful - I cannot believe my grandsons eat this
How on earth could you rip people off with a price that is 4TIMES MORE than normal!
After 8 min in water they are stiff and stuck together
AWFUL PRODUCT! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Texture is more like toffee than brittle.
It is not iced.  It is sprinkled on one side with light powder.  Not what I was expecting at all
This is the worse product I have bought in a while.
They took 10 years to get here and they tasted 10 years old. Very hard and tasteless.
Very small and nit very good, compared to the creme eggs. WAY OVER PRICED!!!
Sent as a gift, the recipient received a box of melted chocolates, very disappointing!
Very stale product delivered.  No return  or refund possible.
All pretzels were crushed .
Two of my children love noodles. This one made both of them sick to their stomachs.
Personally I did not care for it...mot my cup of tea...
The worst quality of red clover I have ever seen.
It did not dissolve, not really enjoying gritty crunchy coffee
The fruit was not fresh at all. Very poor presentation when it arrived.
These arrived moldy! Not a little...A LOT of mold.
Artificial sweetener.  Will brew my own.
Worst Dandelion tea I have ever had.
They need to prevent the chocolate from melting!!
Packets were all solidified could not get poweder out. Will NOT PURCHASE AGAIN
Only shipped 1 pack instead of 12
Never got to taste this.  It arrived covered in mold had to throw it away
I love these crackers, but I only received 1 box!!
I love gram crackers
Just a way overpriced candy with mint flavor. Do not waste your money on it.
We had high hopes for this K cup however when we got it, it tasted really nasty. The taste was off.
Candy arrived in a thin plastic package. Hard as a rock. Complete waste of money.
These were for a corporate party and I was so disappointed in the taste .
Just misleading information .Waist of 95.00$
Arrived with small holes on the inner seal and a weird smell. Not safe to consume and no returns.
WRONG CHEESE---NOT RESERVE  PACKAGING SLIMMY AND TORN OPEN
The flavor I am that I am used to I am used very flat.
I received an empty envelope.  And was not a happy camper.
This literally tastes like regular coffee. No special flavor. Wish I did not buy it
every use our Keurig logs up
Incredibly stale.  Almost inedible.
Not sweet as Irvines to be for more money than before not a great value
I payed $30 for a pack of 18 n only received 1 pack and I was not compensated for it
Chips came broken and were kind of oily
I have to say not good at all .Easy to broke.
This was disgusting and overpriced... Tastes like dirt!
I do not taste the vanilla and the taste is god awful. Not a fan.
"Do not advertise as ""KETO FRIENDLY"" If sugar is part of the ingredients."
I will never order this product from here again! Bag is small as hell! I paid less at Ross!
Half the coconut oil is yellow?
Only received half the order I ordered 2 quantities only received one so only got a total of 40
Cookies we expired and nasty.
Yuck , soggy, very disappointed
This product is pure sugar! it crystalizes as it ages and its just a mess...sorry
The salt grinder broke within a day.
Not appetizing at all.  I was really looking forward to trying this product, but taste was awful.
The chocolate was not fresh when it arrived. Very disappointed.
It just kind of stinks that you have to add extra stuff to make it taste good
Both items we shattered and no return policy! I want my money back or a replacement
bought 3, only got two.  no packing slip or return info
Product was old and tasted plastic/chemical-ish.  Did not taste good.
Item dented and leaking
the garlic is sprouted and full of bugs,not edible by any means..
Product was fine but was less than a 30 day expiration.  So a little misleading.
Changes the whole flavor of food, not good.
Do not sent me this water again
All my stuff came broken. Cannot even open the cookies it is all mush.
Ordered WITH peanuts.  The was ONE peanut in the whole pack!
VERY disappointed in the flavor. It was just a can of salted peanuts, no hickory or bbq flavor.
I tossed them dried out and no flavor gave me all the ones that you pick out lol
Got the double pack, both were open upon arrival.
Only received one not 50. Do not buy!!!!
Found 8 shells too broken up to use
Would not recommend for keto-ers. Not keto friendly. I had to give them away
Too small for its price
Product was old and stale.
Usually very good These were way beyond bad!!
Quality was not great
The crabmeaat was definitely not  Lum.  It was stringy and not white.  No flavor to speak of.
The taste is some what ugly, not good.
Absolutely disgusting, I opened one up and it was covered in mold!!
Not as good as the cigar s
The portion is so small it takes two to make a meal.
this arrangement was terrible most of the floweres were dead and damaged badley very disapointed .
Too salty to eat
Its all artificial ingredients, sugar and food dye. Do not feed your kids this stuff.
Tea is fine, but packaging was haphazard. Tea pods came in a loose jumble in an untidy box.
I was shocked when item arrived. The size was a lot smaller then I expected.
Arrived crushed into almost powder! I do not recommend.
Do not buy worst tasting sausage snacks I have  ever had.
Did not like the taste could be spoiled nuts.
It might have tasted good, but they were so broken up that they were not edible.
Paid almost 13$ for a dollar store bag of candy
It was opened when I got it. No chance to taste it, so how do I get a replacement for it.
I really did do not like it too much money for the portion
Not keto! Beware of carbs on back label states 28g . Misleading
Got way too hot at some point. Arrived pretty much inedible.
You can buy these for .96 cents a pack at Target... This is a huge rip off!
Pre-cooked yuk.  Terrible.
"To quote Ross from Friends: ""It tastes like feet."""
All of them were broken
Tastes really cheap
This is overpriced and not very good. Even Oreo cookies are better q ripoff.
This was horrible. Wish I could return. They were all smashed  together in a big messy clump. Nasty
Item received with molds.
Thought I was getting a case, only received 1 single can.
Terrible flavor. Nothing like the childhood gym your most likely looking for
Old candy canes w/ little flavor.
The almonds that I got were stale and had a bad taste to it.
Alot of the packs were open, stale. The original oreos tasted like chemical.
It tasted off and was cloudy , i tossed it
Usually enjoy but they were stale
Brought it but many of the tea bags are busted and torn. Would not recommend at all.
The worst tasting broccoli cheese soup I have had... better off getting condensed soup.
This coffee terrible really bad taste
Items received were close to expiration date and spoiled inside.
Came in crumbs and half stale. Very dissatisfied. LARGE WASTE OF MONEY!!!!
Did not have the verity that I was expecting nor the amount for the price
Tastes nothing like a bagel!
Very bad quality plants. Most of them died immediately. Had to get a refund.
I liked the product but I ordered and paid for 6 and only received 5
Be aware this is not sparkling even if you are searching for sparkling water on Amazon
cans had dents in all of them.  Would not buy again!
The words were not centered
This coffee has a very bitter after taste. Will not buy it again.
One of the bottles busted open and spilled all over the inside of the package.
It is old and hard
Cans arrived dented. Based on the packing job, they were dented before packing
Does not taste good at all, almost to the point of being undrinkable....YUCK
Awful flavor.  Will not buy again.
This gum was unusable. Old. Dried out. Trash.
Absolutely no flavor and the consistency of an eraser.
Never turned into an actual straw.  When left in a beverage too long turned a weird brown color.
Item arrived frozen and broken with glass everywhere!
This product was hard to work with.
There was black around the open look like mold threw it away should have sent it back
Junky assortment of old candy.
Worst GF flour ever! Makes everything super gummy. Try King Arthur if you want a better brand!
Could not taste coconut
Stale, all stuck together in a solid block, inedible. Do not waste your money!
Do not buy it! In my opinion it is nasty. I cannot wait to return it to Meijer
Tastes like medicine. Tossed it!
Stop selling this product!! This product is the result of animal cruelty.
Product cannot be returned!
The cookies were gritty and box was damaged and lots of cookie crumbs
Stale. Hard. No sour flavor. Opened two bags. Worst spur patch kids I have ever had. So disappointed
expensive than normal price
Was not happy with this at all not cool
The pop tarts arrived in crumbs
Too much water for salsa and questionable flavor
These do not taste good. Save your money
This is not worth what you pay at all.
I wanted a healthier version of energy drink and this is the worst tasting stuff!
Terrible, stick to Necco brand
This was so bad I will never buy this again
Only one word about the taste: RANCID!
Every single candy cane was completely broken and cracked. Totally unusable. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Not all of the cups were compatible with our Kurig.
When I received it was already 5 months old
The food coloring arrived leaking and the label/bottle was dirty.
It was very good but to expensive I can get it at bjs for 13.00 dollars a case
The jar was opened. Seems so odd. Second hand product????
The fruit was all rotten! For that kind of money and to get all rotten fruit! Do not buy it!
Worst tasting coffee I have ever had and you cannot return it
So very disappointed. Wheat and wheat gluten, so not keto friendly at all
I received the wrong flavor. Cheddar instead of the sweet
I love Wasabi but this is more like flour.
Prime 1 day was a lie
If you are looking for a cheap alternative to Clearly Canadian this ARE NOT IT?
Wow are these salty. Twice as salty as any other olives. Also difficult to get out of container.
These are not gold and they are super small. Pure junk
Jars delivered open and leaking.  Product inedible. Item is not returnable. Do not buy.
Every package had a broken ice pop leaked everywhere!
Damage, damaged, could not eat, use only good for the trash a big mess.
The Raisins were  ALL MELTED.  Unfit to eat.
The taste is too flowery for me.
The pasta product arrived broken as if the boxes were dropped or shaken.
Funny aftertaste, not tangy or sour as advertised.
The product is too bad taste
Barely edible with dip or salsa.
I have no words, only received the lid??? I saw someone did not receive their lid, here it is...
The lemon flavoring clased wit the honey. I will not buy these again
It either was exposed to heat and spoiled. It sucks that I cannot return it. $12 down the drain.
Cannot even use it it is covered in gunk
misleading, not Garrets
Even if its not, the taste is very bad, I am very disappointed:((
This product was open when it arrived at my house. Not sure if it is been tampered with.
Had never tasted or smelled it and I did not like it so I am going to find someone who does.
This arrived broken
DO NOT BUY!!! You can get 24 instead of 1. MAKE SURE TO CHECK PRICE PER OUNCE
Cannot even tasted the sesame seed too dry dnt like its
I wanted to return it for refund.. but they do not accept returns
Amazon left it out back by my she would. Found it frozen. Thanks for nothing.
"This doesn""t taste or smell like a tarter sauce."
Only received 1 box, not pack of 2 as description stated.
There were only 5 in the package
The bottle broke open and spilled all over the box
Did not like at all, not sweet at all.. Taste fake.. A rubbery taste to it even the juice was nasty.
Please bear in mind to pack the product well since it arrived in very bad conditions.
Absolutely nothing about coffee here
You can really taste the artificial sugar.
Bad taste and texture, Would not buy again
Horrible!  This is dangerous. Had heart palpitations nonstop all day.  Scary stuff.
This was super gross. Threw it away after one bite.
Basically selling out of date chips
Expensive, faint sewage smell on opening, lentils oddly turn yellow with cooking. Stay away
Not the same what it is supposed to be
Yuck. Oily and flavorless
Total scam and rip off...this person should return money....
These have a strange flavor and gritty texture.
These taste terrible
Gave this as a valentine gift to my kids will not buy another one
This item is stale and inedible.
Do not buy this single item for $28.82  Do not give your money to scammers!
Arrived in disappointing condition. Bag full of crushed peppers and pods.
I had boughten this for an ex, he said it was real watered down.
Very cute but boxed with a bag of m and ms that smashed them into pieces
Box arrived crushed, the liquid had run out of the bottle & it had EXPIRED 6 MONTHS AGO!!!!~
$32 per pound?!  Seriously?!  They are not Godiva chocolates - they are PEEPS!
Did not care for this. No coffee flavor, Very weak.
Takes 3 tsp to equal 1 of sugar.
No measuring scoop provided too expensive,a poor value
Tasted HORRIBLE! Like candle wax.
Flavor was off for me. Maybe I am just used to Progresso, but I had to struggle to eat this flavor.
I Am wondering what happened to this once delicious and flavorful coffee- this has no taste
Do not advertise three bags then only send one. What a rip off for $14!
The product is insipid and lacks a real chocolate flavor.  I requested and received a refund.
I purchased a pack of 4 and only received one.
I bought this for my dad.  He said they did not taste very fresh.
Please replace this order.
Gross! Do not buy. Ruined a good vodka.
I buy the large bag of these from my local supermarket because I love the chips.
IT IS NOT KETO. IT HAS CANE SUGAR IN IT! FALSE ADVERTISEMENT
overpriced and flavored like the metal can it comes in.........
Smaller than expected and cheaply made. Will return.
One without safety seal and lid.  I am not eating that!!!
These are very small and were very hard.
Taste is going, flavor a bit off, highway robbery cost marked up x3+
Description says 6 boxes.  Only one showed up.  Do not appreciate being lied to.
These are not edible so if you are buying them to decorate food do not buy them
Dry. Hard. Tasteless. And expensive!!!
Such low quality will never buy from Amazon again
This item was completely melted upon delivery.
Lettuce was not fesh
The jar leaked inside the package and the caps were loose.  Had to throw them away.
The flavor was not cinnamon.  Cinnamon is what I wanted
Item arrived damaged, leaking, and with a dead spider in the carton.
They used to be awesome, i am not sure what happened, quality has gone down in 2021
Not only do they not taste good, but the box is extremely hard to open.
taste like crap in everything we have used it in. we will stick with Almond Flour.
You can find better for the same price
The product was damaged I could smell it as soon ad I opened the mailbox.
God awful, stale. Terrible . Rip off for size of bag
Not teabags as advertised but dissolvable powder. Not what I wanted
It is not good. Do not buy!
The bottom of burger was not even edible! Deff over priced
Horrible shipping. 4 of 12 cans were bent up and leaking.
Have had several times but this was the worst. Threw away several pieces.
For $25 i was expecting more that 3- 2x2 boxes of dime sized cookies
This is how my cookies look inside the package
I did not like the taste. I will not buy again or recommend.
VERY DISAPPOINTED. I bought this as part of a gift and it was melted and broken!
Says pack of 5 with picture of 5. Got 1 box. Completely unsatisfied and unacceptable!
Would not recommend! Does not have any flavor.
This is not even close to what is shown. Total rip off.
This package is Very small  for $12.00 I am very disappointed!!
These were stale and mushy would not recommend
Too greasy! Will not buy again. Almost poor value for $10.00
Just not what I was expecting.
This is the least depth of flavor in an espresso I have ever had
Upon arrival 3 cans of the pack of 12 were heavily dented so i have to throw them out.
I ordered this because it was a pack of 6 and I received only 1.  Robbed!!!
Flowers arrived basically dead. Do not order.
Was a melted pill of crap  waited weeks for this
Way too salty for my taste.
This product is old. Would never buy again. Beware you cannot return it!
almost all of the candies are cracked!
just flour and yeast
The package was cherished so the product was also crushed
Weird taste, cannot blow bubbles since it so loose even after chewing for awhile ...it tastes awful
Nope a thumbs down
Leaks out of tea bag. Extremely strong taste overwhelming.
These were delivered completely crushed... more like buffalo breadcrumbs than pretzels
Way too many star anise pieces. I was not aware that was even a salt water taffy flavor.
Not impressed with this product. Kind of way overpriced for what you get.
Still more than a week to go and the eggs (been kept in fridge) have already gone bad
I ordered these in December 2017, they are past date, I am not a happy camper!
Did not receive what was pictured.
This is terrible, no apple or caramel flavor. I threw it in the trash
All I tasted was sugar. The sugar masked any pineapple taste.
I DID NOT SEE NO MORE THAN 5 PEANUTS IN THE WHOLE BOX....SHOULD HAVE ADVERTISE TOFFEE POPCORN!!!
Not tasty at all.
I received one tiny individual portion not the six advertised. It was tasty yet very disappointing.
Arrived totally broken. Worthless
Just received and it will expire in 3 months 
I could snap it in two
Yuck.  Do not bother.
Inconsistent dates for shelf life.
This does not taste anything like described.  It comes out like old sugar.  Yuck.
This is the weakest mix I  have ever seen.  It was almost like drinking flavored hot water...
Your local grocery store has a 19oz can for the same price.  This is extremely high priced item.
Do not buy this. Mine came in the mail with mold on it.
Product is not what is described under Product description
The caramel is old and you get 12 candies. Not worth the price
These were horrible tasting
Not worth the money
Wrong product.. Supposed to be all milk chocolate and they delivered the assorted pack
50% ground peanuts
All three bottles of ketchup were moldy around the opening and spoiled.
Not the best tasting, might be for someone else.
I took half a bite and threw the rest away. I would not feed this to anyone I loved.
This arrived expired by several months. Beware of purchasing
Great texture but lacks flavor.
Horrible flavor/taste and it was gritty.
Product cover was torn inside
Tastes terrible, get the Honey D brand.
The taste did not like throw away
These are the worst tasting candy I have ever tasted
These tasted so stale such a disappointment!
Product was stale but heat was pretty good
The cost is not worth it!  No refunds allowed!
Very tiny packages, not worth the money!!
They were stale and not fresh.
They were tasteless
Items arrived on 7/6 with a 5/20 exp. date. Very disappointing.
Just got it today, and it came like this.
Each time I have purchased these they quickly mold.
These are expired.
Did not like this product. The taste is overrated.
I found the blueberries bitter. Only tried one bag of the three I ordered.
I cannot keep it alive!
We got 1 egg instead of the package of 6 and it came crushed. Waste of money!
Packaging  was fine, but the cups taste awfully bad.  I threw  them  out.
Had to throw this out, it was gross.
i do not see a way to get ahold of them.
Covered in pimple like bumps/warts kind of gross
No expiration date. Tasted horrible.
Item came broken and empty with the box soaked in vinegar.
Item was stale and tasteless upon arrival.
Do not waste your money.
I am worried to buy this product with all the negative reviews
It had mold in the bread
The bag is super small, not worth it!
was packed with cleaning liquid and was unsealed
worst coffee I ever had
This bouillon is loaded with salt and has almost no chicken flavor.
Very hard to get out comes out watery and not smooth
Arrived in a crushed beat up box, with a $1.50 clearance sticker on the box. Bad.
Not what I expected
Gave my friend the runs.
I was very disappointed with this product, it truly tasted like alfa.
There is no spinach!
This is not gluten free and was included in my guten free search so read carefully
Item is old and not eatable. Sesame seeds in product are ransed
The box was destroyed and both ends open When it got to me.
Expecting crunchy not slimy and mushy.
3 out of 24 plastic bottles arrived leaking.
The price has more than doubled in a matter of weeks.
Did not like the consistency
Half of the granola bars do not contain chocolate!
Yuck!  No flavor not worth the money at all
The cupcake wraps did not fit a STANDARD cupcake!
Terrible taste ! Wasted $ !
It arrived as a inch and half plant , basically almost dead .
The sesame seeds are stale.  Do not buy
Broken,oldtasting impossible to use expensive. I want refund
Came with the canister lid ripped open.
When purchasing I looked for coloring for chocolate and it did not mix well n tasted funny
These eggs come in a plastic box. I prefer the eggs that come in recyclable cardboard boxes.
One package of these Udon has 4,444 mg of sodium.  Yikes!
It is ridiculously expensive!!  Do not buy it
Gross. Takes like chemicals.
The flavor was not good, disappointing does not even begin to cover it
A lot of them bursted in box
I THREW THE ENTIRE BOX out!
Will not buy this again. Very disappointing
Expensive and not good.
Used for popcorn seasoning. Very bland and not salty. Did not taste like dill.
Straight in the trash after sampling it. So hard I would not eat it nor recommend it to anyone.
Not medium roast. Very disappointed and cannot return.
Smashed the candy sat the box on top of it look at your picture! Smh
I ordered it for my brother so i do not know anything about it.
Some cups are not Keurig certified and cannot be used Because the machine do not recognize them.
Did not like anything about them.
Does not taste anything like traditional candy corn
This is disgusting.  Does not resemble pineapple.  It is like drinking sour, flavored water.
Not sure of this boxes arrived damaged and leaves a weird after taste
Would not recommend at this price
These are not good at all....and they look nothing like the picture on the box.
I do like these a lot but unfortunately I never got and company will not refund my money
Dry ice was gone and tuna was spoiled an rank, will not be buying again
This product is not what I was expecting in size.  Misrepresented
Product had expired before delivery. Tried one pack and they were stale
Packages were trashed.. not sure if I even want to eat them now.. lousy job!
It is not organic anymore.
Got half empty bottles ! Seals were broken! Cannot return! trying to get refund or new bottles.
Product was damaged.
This product was not as described. The inside was empty and tasted old.
These are small bags.  I should have gone with something else. 8 pops total inside.
i have received only 1 box, it says 6 packages but for its value, its not great
Taste was medium. Not full of flavor. Chocolate flavor was weak
If you like good coffee, this is not for you. It is very weak.
AD SAYS best for glass bottles only BS THEY ARE ALL PLASTIC
Did not receive all I ordered.  Ordered & paid for package of 3.  Received 1.  Very expensive 1.
These were the smallest Morels I have ever seen. This product is definitely not worth the money.
Product came broken
The product cam in all melted and one big glob
Very messy, dusty upon opening the bag, dark grey in colour, gets everywhere.
Discolored and ashy. Chocolate seemed expired
Ordered this for the salt packets. Received 200 pepper packets.
Oil broke from curds. Just like in the pictures. I wish I would have checked the reviews first.
Good heat, terrible flavor. If a hot chicken restaurant used this it would be out of business.
These cookies are gross the flavor is bland and the worst part is there so dry.
Completely fell apart. Could Not do ANYTHING with them. Had to throw the whole package away.
This salamis smell grossed me out ! It smells like the meat is going rancid.
Way too expensive.. you can buy for under $7..
21 days of feeding and I end up with pancake batter.
Bottle is broken and no ability to return. I would like a refund.
This item arrived broken with garlic all over the place.
Skip this product, its pretty bad
Pears are moldy.
It tastes so artificial.
tastes like cardboard, only worser
This product was broken when I open the box glass shards everywhere.
The quality of the coffee was very poor.
Very little flavor. Worst hard candy I have ever had.
The idea was cool but all the butterflies stuck together so I could not even use them for my party.
Disgusting and does not make Boba tea, it makes mush.
Did not like the taste or texture of this product
Why why why ??? Are you selling this inside of a huge ziploc bag complete rip off. Flavor is nasty
No where near $35 worth of candy. I urge everyone to proceed with caution regarding this seller
Unpleasant taste
Says it is a pack of 10 only received I package, guess I should have read the reviews
Was hoping for more!
Product expires in 2 months. Not eligible for return.
it said that it was ground cinnamon ....but it was only red sugar
Every can was dented
I am not picky and this was GROSS. Not out to get the sellers, just trying to help buyers!
This tea was horrible all flavors had funny taste.
Very dissatisfied bread is falling apart it is my first order not sure who to contact for refund
i operate small restaurant. Ordered these to try and they are awful. No flavor and no returns!!
Are too thin, the wings are instantly lowered and can not go for a moment to the refrigerator
Candy arrived melted and inedible.
Worst Date cake I ever had. Whole Foods sells a better brand
The plastic bag had a tear. Some macha spilled inside the Amazon box.
This product sucked and I would like my full refund.
just not good at all--- completely overpriced for a mug and some cake...
Did not taste like anything at all even though there is hardly no carbs not even worth one carb
Just could not get past the taste
All six bags expire 6 weeks after delivery..
We did not like them, sorry we really wanted the cinnamon twist
Too hard not tasty would not recommend.
This was my second order. First order was fresh. This order was not fresh. Candies were hard.
Product okay. It is just not my flavor
Considering the amount that I received, its a ripoff.
Small black bugs in the bag.
Of six cans, one arrived neither dented nor rusted.
Horrible wants refund
I just ate 2 and it was stale. The caramel was hard. Very disappointing. Will not order anymore
i could not get these to crisp .. I broiled, fried, baked. then threw them out.
Could not even eat it. Was horrible. Threw it away.
Rip Off! Loses taste fast and overpriced!
The water I received was not real a lot of the bottles were damaged I felt like will be returning
It does not froth You need a special machine
A whole brick of dry mangoes came. It tastes really bad too.
Not assorted flavors, inaccurate product description
Looked half empty and open was not really fresh
Do not bother. They did not come close to flavor or texture and I love this brand
definitely NOT worth the over $4 a jar.
The entire box of chips were stale.  They will be returned or exchanged.
Bag was received punctured and there is no return/replacement policy. Do not buy.
The package was open in the box. I would like a replacement.
Really horrible taste, would not recommend at all
They were supposed to be graduate M&Ms but were plain white. Waste of money
Seal was broken on the bottle, and not able to return or get money back.
One can of the sauce was extremely dented. UNACCEPTABLE
Much too greasy and unusually fatty!
Was so crunchy that i did not enjoy it
The chocolates had an expiration date from last year and were stale! Not happy!
This product has a horrible smell and taste.
Nasty and watery 
The walnuts were rancid and tasted bad what can we do about it
Cost way to much. far exceeds what Steak and Shake charges itself .  Take Action Amazon!!!
Item came broken. Please reorder free of charge, or give me my refund. Thank you.
I put these on my Christmas tree.  If a person eats one, they do not go back for more.
Package was open and spilled out in the box and my kitchen counter I want a refund or replacement!!
They probably were stored for a long time, they are disgusting and sticky and not good flavor
Did not like the taste too soft on the crust
Was opaque in color. I do not know if it was bad or unfiltered. It was not a clear oil
I am not sure if they would have tasted good because they were melted into one ball.
I did not use a knife to open the package and the bag was torn! Very sad as these are not cheap!!!
Why is this cereal so expennsive? i think i have been ripped off
This was received and was already open
Order was received in October and  milk was expired since September 11th yuk!
delicious but complete and utter rip off price.
Too much salt. More salt than honey. Could not taste honey just salt. Could not eat. In trash.
This coffee had a very burnt rubber smell and taste!!!! Maybe that is why it was so inexpensive.
i love this product, but i paid for a pack of 6 and only received 1.
Received an open and crushed box of cookies.  Not eligible for return.
Paid too much for little bit of candy. I should have just gone to Sams or Costco.
I think it is horrible.  Ruins my coffee
The tea is nasty it has a burnt taste to it. It also leaves a really nasty taste in your month
Can was dented and damaged when it arrived.
Spilled in packaging, no return, cannot find refund. I would welcome help in resolving this.
These kisses came old and stale.  Of course you cannot return them.
Half of them were open and spilling sugar everywhere
Did not like these at all.  Nothing like the real crumpets.  Really dry and tasteless.
Received my order and it was one large melted chocolate mess unable to even unwrap them
Mix with different ingredients not why expected, tasted like Tylenol. Not recomended
One was badly rotten (with drainage).
it is the most flavorless dark roast I have ever purchased
Trash do not get fooled
Total ripoff for the $$ price........great product but available locally for about $1.50 a bottle.
Does not fit Keurig coffee machine and cannot be returned.
The nuts were stale..pretty nasty..very expensive for being stale.
could note them .. all bags open when recd
The cheese sauce had a chemicalish taste to it.
Nasty! That is all I have to say
Was Not impressed by the taste
Not worth the 1gm of sugar. There are much better choices out there keto friendly.
Watermelon had no flavor and was like rubber in texture.  Totally inedible and I received credit.
I dislike that I was unable to use this product and it was a complete waste of money.
When this product arrived one of the bottles was broken
Came late, I think it was I bag for long, because it was all ready slime.
Box full of broken crush stell chips
Muffins were very dry and not good ... I expected them to be moist ... disappointed.
both cracked all the way through. not happy.
I really dislike the flavor of this mayonnaise.  I will put in the trash. Terrible taste.
The 6 pack came with 3 bottles broken!!!
The  patties were not intact inside the package it was just a sticky mess.
Really bad. Never again Just straight up sugar Do Not bother
The box of candy was opened and 1 candy bar was missing. Cool!
Product tasted old. Like it was not stored properly. Wanted to return but not permitted.
When I read all the ingredients in it that I could not pronounce, I did not even eat it.
It was a packed of star anise stems and broken scraps
These were hard and dried out
terrible! Do not buy. No taste. Over baked. Old. Fed them to the birds 
Too many different flavors. Could not honestly make a good decision on which one taste better.
Just make your own, these are terrible.
This was a gift. The chocolate candy had a white coating and nuts were stale
Arrived opened and apparently not eligible for a replacement.
It made me throw up but I have Colonic inertia.
These things are terrible.
All the crystals are falling off and we cannot  glue them back on so disappointing
This is not the same as Germany. This is a bad knockoff. It is a waist of money.
When i received it the jar was open and a complete mess so i through it out. Waste of money.
The taste of these are awful.
Tiniest spice packet ever for the price. Save the money, buy fresh and dry it out yourself.
Wonderful presentation but food not edible. Everything was melted and appeared old.
To many little pieces.
This is the second order i purchased it tastes old ,very unhappy
These tomatoes were half ripe and half green. Almost tasteless.
Nothing like what I expected. Stick to propel
One box was opened and taped back together. Very disappointing and I cannot use
We had to throw these wafers away.  Very stale! Would not recommend.
Very bitter. Threw it away.
No flavor or aroma. Wsste of money.
"Gross ginger flavored candy along with other ""strange/unknown"" flavor"
This is a single box not a pack of 3.
Absolutly no butter flavor whatsoever!
Dissolved quickly and turned into a gristly mess in my mouth.
Absolutely horrible taste and half full. Cannot returb
Order 2 pack of six and 7 out of 12 broken or cracked
Not only do these not taste good but every flavor tastes exactly the same! What a waste of $47!!!!
I was disappointed in the product,  all were squished and mangled inside the box
This tea did not do anything. I was really disappointed maybe I got a bad batch.
Over 10 net grams of carbs per waffle. They should take that off the description.
I have seen absolutely no change in over a month. I am sorry I wasted my money.
Very small jars and cloudy water very appealing
I try to return but it is impossible
Too few product for the price
Not a great taste
Brown and bruised. Threw out.
How can you mess up mac and these this bad? The flavor is thin, artificially sweet, plastic cheese.
Ordered for my wedding. It was more suited for a casual birthday cake.
I opened these and every can is bent as I will have to Toss them out now,can you replace these
Defective packaging and tastes very very old
Item arrived broken, and the vanilla had leaked out creating a mess.
Product is great as long as shipper does not damage before it gets to you , constant issue with UPS,
Did not care for the texture when I mixed it in soup. It has a like saw dust. Will not use it again.
Plant arrived with bent and broken stems. Very disappointing. 
Very disappointed ham was mostly all fat and bone. Not like hormel ham I had in the past.
I paid 10 bucks for 1 package of crackers what a rip off
Gum is dry and crumbly, minimal tasteless Nerds inside, does not AT ALL taste like Nerd gum.
These did not taste as fresh as they normally do.
Like the bbq if I do not need to take out a loan to buy them.
Tastes horrible. Terribly disappointed. Boxed was flat upon arrival.
Does not taste like a MaryJane!  There is no peanut butter taste, terrible I was disappointed
Arrived Pre-opened and wet.
What a crock. And you cannot return it. Major lesson learned
Not returnable if it comes broken! Do not buy it.
They do not even taste like real sour patch kids. Gross. Waste of $.
Coffee does not taste right. So bitter even after I added sugar.
Not at all as good as previous brands.
Fruit arrived bruised and rotten.
expensive and did not taste so fresh anymore
Sorry, more like Dorito's dust.  Tasty, but not what I was expecting.  Returning.
Do not order these  from this brand mine were super dry and falling apart. Very disappointed
Not individually wrapped, each box is one big glob of wafers
Mine was none sealed
Poor quality and value
Little pieces of she will, but I was hopeful. Cannot find gf jumbo shells anywhere else.
Several of the packages in this box contained bites that were covered in mold.
One of the jars were not sealed so I could not use it.  Am I able to get refund??
Tasted like chemicals. So gross I could not even drink it
flavor thickness wanted the powder
The color were dark brow Win instead of yellowish color, and the taste was no good
Horrible tasting. The pith is included in the juice.
Do Not waste your money. Not worth it!
Just not good! Tastes too much like hearts of palm and I do not like the big chunks they add to it
There is a weird, fake coconut flavor added to these. It is gross.
Would have been amazing if they were not completely stale and soggy.
