Cookies arrived broken.  Still grateful for being able to obtain them off season.
Tasted good but were beat up pretty bad when we got them
Probably will not buy again.  Smaller the expected.  Be nice if they were a little soft.
Taste...not a fan
Misleading photo... Got a bag package not matching advertised product.
Okay product helps with giving plain water flavor, however, does not taste like green tea.
We have not yet seen the benefits of increased energy and weight loss/
I always purchase  these for my girlfriend but this is the 3rd time you all forget to add my notes .
I used it in the recipe that I bought it for.  I do not care for the flavor.
Not enough wabsai, too much salt. Balance needs tweeking.
It was passed its Expiration date
Not good to me and i love dill chips just not these
Sweet but not much taste for me!!
tasted kind of stale
Not enough salt!
Alittle on the stale side, but better then the wintergreen nougats
Great snacks, but even with a subscribe and save discount they are less expensive at Costco.
I will see myself out
Was not soft. Melted in package
not the flavor that i tasted when i was in PR
It is sauce not powder if anyone is wondering and my can came in dented
I have never used this before. It was sent in error but they said to keep it. I like it.
Your labeling said 20% vitamin C per serving and No magnesium % to be found. Correct the label
A lot of cinnamon. Reminds me of candy Hotballs.
No help for my ears....
Morning  coffee 
chocolate waz a bit olddd...
Exceptional value for money. Unfortunately I did not like the flavor.
WAY bigger than I thought
Surprised how weak this turns out. Two bagger for sure.
Cannot tell you about product. Because bought this for someone else
Not as creamy as I have had before.
A very bland flavor. Not impressed. Maxwell House Colombian Supreme tastes much better.
Is not what I was looking for
it was o.k. except for the coffee & cream; I do not like cream in my coffee
Candy arrived in good shape, but was a little stiff and chewy.
It kind of tastes stale to me.
I love these truffles, unfortunately they were extremely melted when they arrived
I thought this was a bigger bag.  I paid $6 for this same size at Walmart
Might try the medium roast,
"Definitely not beef.  Has a ""mushy"" texture."
The Chocolate seem like it had been over heated. when received
spilled it in the microwave
not solid enough
Super weak when brewed as directed.
This was soft and a bit wet? Confused, taste is okay Was hoping for more dry and fleshy.
Out of all the seeds only one took
The box came open and only contained 21 twix bars, instead of 24!
Item was open and powder spilled
Do not like the sweetener in the mix
Suckers are so cute
It is too sweet for me; also I prefer a less processed version
Bag should only cost 2 or 3 bucks
Coffee tasted flat. Are they trying to dump these k-caps? I do not think I will buy again.
$80 for one baguette?!!
wild stuff and not sure if it works or not
good assortment, but i have a preference for the lasagna and chicken enchiladas.
Yuck,metalic tasting. will not use it.
Tasty but very very salty! If they made it with less salt I would be a customer.
Do not like the after taste
Only thing I did not like to much is the sodium
To small, in the store the bags are large (family size) for the same or less money!
Taste good but disappointed that the  favor leaves quickly
the taste is horribe
Arrived ahead of time  but did not include any sunflowers 
Everything was good until l opened the package and tannin was everywhere! Very unhappy with UPS
I would have preferred regular BBQ.
used as Halloween treats.
They do not taste garlicky enough, but that is just my opinion.
wanted just the chocolate
I do not know why, but I did not like the taste. Better than tap water, but not great.
No plain kettle cooked. A little disappointed there, but enjoyed this paxkage
not enough bacon taste
This product has gotten increasingly more expensive
They were great, but half of them came in broken.
Same stuff at your local k2 store
I expected something more...this is just like a runny knockoff of Nutella. Not a premium product.
The jar was open and the cover was bent.
This instant coffee taste very bitter.
Mine were opened in the box so I was to scared to keep them I threw them away.
They were left in the direct sunlight.  My dad did not enjoy his blob of chocolate cherries
Both boxes were sticky from candies leaking out side of box also
Not too bad but it has a rather strong flavor. I add extra sausage when I want biscuits and gravy.
Pods did not come in boxes were unprotected in bags and some were damaged
Tastes like that stuff they put in your mouth when you go to the dentist
Not really a creamer flavor, if that makes sense. I do not think it is worth the $$
Delish...considering that I spread it on those aweful tasting Scandinavian crackers!!!!
These were way too expensive and just not all that great. Not worth it for the price.
A little on the old side some are easy to chew while other are like rocks
I stired it as I drank it and still ended up with powder in the bottom of the cup.
Only received two tins instead of three as advertised
This order looks like knock-offs of Tim Horton's K-cups. I wonder where they came from.
Did not taste like the abalone, just taste like some she will fish
I used it in creme patisserie and creme brulee
Very salty tasting. Spicy but overall just too salty.
These tasted great..unfortunately they came completely smashed in bag and were crumbs.
I had a recipe to mince this, but it is too sticky to mince or even mix up!
Every single bag was smashed.  The chips expired September 8th.  I got them on August 24th...
Truffle one smelled bad, threw it away, others good
Def. Tastes like a decafe coffee
This coffee has a smooth flavor but just way too weak for me.
Did not care for lollipops or candy sticks but the individual pieces were not offered.
I like the mix but this one is a little to bold for me over all I like the size of the bag.
Changed the way my coffee tastes.
It is too salty for me. I am going to drink it but wish it were not so salty.
This was much smaller than I expected but it will work.
The taste was not the same as the coffee available locally by the same name.
12 bucks.  They are tasty!
Tasty but not whole wheat.  My mistake.
Very earl gray hard to taste the vanilla.
Received a box of crumbs.
I like it chops stick one time I already have one box chomp can you remove off deleted
I did not like the fact that the colors were not deep enough!!
Tastes just like Tabasco only more expensive.
"Does not "" keep"" for long must be used AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!"
Good product. I use it on my popcorn. But it is very expensive.
Second delivery with broken boxes. Chunky bars appear ok
Taste was good. But I did not like that it was very thick. Hard to break or bite.
smaller than I expected.
Pricey, taste does not meet the pricey expectation
"As spicy as you would expect from ginger, but too ""chunky"" for my tastes."
These are taken two days after delivery.
This candy is harder than I am used to and than I like.
Has flavor of decaffeinated coffee, which I do not like. p
Only 3/4 of the jar contains honey.  But wait, they are all the same.  Cheating has become the MO.
Any table salt will work
My son loves it on his pasta.
Is too old and dry, and you cannot smell the scent very well
Little heavy on the onions for me, but if that is your taste you should enjoy.
Great candy!  But paying almost $20 total for 2 pkgs?  OUTRAGEOUS!!  I will not fall for this again.
Tastes like coconut oil, cannot taste the difference.
This wig did not come out like the pic Totally different
I guess I am used to the thinner more tender ones. They are a bit tough.
Too dry for for my taste.
I did not like the flavor. It smells strangely different from other shrimp bouillons.
Received a lot of the same flavor, not an equal distribution of the 12 options
Miniature No larger than an average orange
unless you are a body builder, I guess. Way too manyj grams of fat to use for dieting.
I LOVE white peaches, but these were a disappointment.
Can not compare it to Teavana
gag gift that the kid did not even bake
I do not normally eat kimchi,if there is a mild kimchi I would be hooked.Thi is hot not mild.
Did not like the packaging. Over-priced. Will not buy again.
I thought it lacked taste.
Love the tea but the price was ridiculous !!!
Not crazy for the flavor, the first Harney and Sons tea I have not really liked.
but they are a little soft...not quite fresh
Did not like the product
You cannot taste it in your recipes and there is no fragrance to speak of.
Received with some dents. Should have some bubble wraps to protect the products.
Favorite cookie , except every cookie was broken
If you are looking for a traditional date nut bread, this is not it.
Really gritty and clumpy when mixed with small amount of liquid. Better to be aged to shakes.
not SOUR enough for my taste.
I found this to be a bit bitter.
There was not much flavor.
It is too sweet for me, even though it has less calories
a bit bland but I added some tomatores and red bell pepper to make up for it.
Smaller than expected
Greasy and flavorless
I wanted spicy. It was not. Bummer.
Not quite as intense as I expected
Not loving the flavor at all. But thanks for your business.
Was only given 5 cans and it was supposed to be 6.
I can taste the strawberry, but barely.  It needs to be stronger for my tastes.
Jellybeans were melted and sticky by the time they got to me.
I was not expecting the drinks to have sugar. The flavors are not to my taste.
It was one pound of cheese though the picture showed one block it came in 4 4oz blocks.
I like that it is organic but it is all super sour no suite at all
I did not like this at all to sugary and to nutty I will buy c agian
Usually love these, but for some reason this box had gritty hard pieces.  Will try another box.
I thought since it was called a gift basket, there would be a basket included.
It seemed a little dry.  Mostly, it was very overpriced for the mediocre quality.
One container is like a serving. A lot smaller than expected.
Took a long time to get and was not worth the weight have had better
My search continues
It is a bit better then the pepperoni one but not good.
Tastes great but a little too expensive
Both of my boys did not care for these.
Yummy but super expensive on Amazon. I guess demand is low but can be had at 1/4 price.
My wife bought this - prefer champagne!
Well. Did not taste like the one I had in Haiti
Lightly caffeinated, not strong as expresso should be!
Chocolately sweet tastes weird with a raisin flavor.
Package came damaged, otherwise as expected.
It was dry for snacking
There are added sugar in this item that was not shown on the nutrition facts picture.
I like the overall quality of product. I used it for  my digestive system.
The bacon that is used tastes like generic hot dogs. It was not pleasant.
Green tea did nothing for the issues I have but it said it would fix several
all cans came damaged (crushed) I do not recommend.
Several cans dented.
Taste was moderately good, the digestive mayhem was not fun. Eat in small doses.
Date on box: May of 22, date on bags May of 21......
not a deep coffeee taste but is ok for a cold coffee drink
They were stale but still ok
I LIKE LITE RED ;  EXTRA HOT RED !
I prefer melozio (copper color) over this one. This taste like burnt mud!
No way I can eat an entire case in 2 weeks. Cancelled subscription.
The flavor is there; the value for the price is not.
Some bottles taste diffferent than others. It is strange.
Not what I was looking for
OK value, but tasted a little stale.
Super smaller that I expected
have  20 so far in which the cream has curdled.
the candy was dried out and not very flavorful. I have had this item before and it was much better
Received 8 packs, but only 4 flavors: cotton candy, strawberry, cookies & cream and chocolate.
Did not care for this, really tasted green apples, not what I was looking for.
The apples were tasty but had a lot of defects.
Did not look closely enough before purchasing. Flavors are pretty similar.
Some of the gummed had a texture that I did not like
I think I will stick with the unpeeled garlic.
A Pineapple cake.
Way too much salt!  Ruins the flavor.
Good value for money, but not best brand of Kombucha
Clumpy and difficult to blend. Taste is good but I will not buy again
The cookies were good but some of them were broke in pieces:(
This was not soft as I expected.  Not stale but just not really fresh.
I do not know if it works
Small...sunk to the bottom of the tea.
I like the taste with no after taste. I would buy again.
Way too pricey for the value!
It is not the worst coffee that we have ever had, yet it is not the greatest though either.
These are not very good, not much spice and not much flavor, kind of blah
Eh. Not bad. Does taste like fish, but I do not know it was weird.
Do not go by the flavors in the pictures, it is only choc chip cookie dough and peanut butter.
I like these, but they are really tiny.
Some tasted rancid. Could not eat them.
The flavor did not really live up to a creme brulee flavor.
Little smaller than we expected.
ALL FIVE BAGS expire in 5 months.
For the price I was certainly not anywhere close to blown away I expected more
I like the barbecue ones so I thought I would like these but I do not.
Taste was flat, pricey for something that was pretty ordinary. I will not buy again.
Many cans dented.  One so badly the chilli was oozing out of it.  It had to be tossed.
Compared to a different brand, the flavor was too tart.
Tried on a variety of foods, but did not really work for me.
My boxes where old
3 of the 4 I ordered were broke!
Tasted okay, not great. Wish they were larger rolls
I like how each is wrap but they are diffently smaller than the ones in the bag
Not much almond flavor
I probably would not buy again. Has a basic flavor and is not super spicy. Good, but not great.
Cute but very small!
Way over priced for what amount you get
Some bottles were destroyed...man..
1st can the leaves were pretty tough.  But the other 2 were spot on.
You do not get a cup with this kit.
with additions makes a passable pho sub.
Good for base you have to add Italian seasoning and sugar.
It is not awful but it does have a slight bitter aftertaste.
Remember when there used to have 4 packs of the crackers for the EXACT SAME PRICE?  Only 3 now!
Some of the boxes not kosher
Tasted good but due to excessive heat the chocolate melted and made them look like sad clowns.
Old and hard.  Not one I recommend
Product was marked for export and not as pictured
Way too much garlic and also garlic tastes from a gar and not fresh. Overpowering.
Difficult to clean.
Not enough crunch for me.
Too many pieces of toast were broken up.
There is no lemon as shown in the picture.
Box was opened and crushed..
This jerky is dry and lacks flavor
I did not care for the taste
A bit earthy for my taste.
A little bitnto much garlic
There was no lid included. Just the glass container. Please send the lid
Extremely dark broth, cannot use in certain dishes
Too expensive for what you get. But, I do like the flavor. Nice treat.
It works but tasted burnt.
Love the stuff it is just so expensive
Very small. Taste pretty good but not great
I HAD TO ORDER SOMETHING ELSE THIS WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED.
Check each individual bags for the expiration date because in my box had 2 bags that were expired.
A little off in texture but taste was classic
Search for the 4 pack.. it ends up being the price of 2 of these.
These have stevia in them
I do not care for the texture of the peanut butter mix.
Very tasty but hard to work with a bit crumbly!
You get what you pay for
Taste was ok, cookies came broken.
Package came damaged. Creamer leaked inside of main box. Sticky mess.
Depending on the week, it is sometimes tiny and sometimes normal sized.
Would be 5* but the price went way up when i went to reorder...
The flavors are so so strong that make me so uncomfortable. Do not like
Taste great for my mixed drink but expensive! Double the price.
Hardly any cake, mostly just fruit.  Plus it is a very small piece for the cost.
a bit oily my baby does not like it after a week
Not thick enough, even I put two time amount in
Too salty for my teast.
Hmmm.. why is this smaller than the hot for same price? Missing 2 ozs
This stuff is strong to me. A little bitter. I use 16 ounces for each pod.
Some packages were open others stale and most broken.
The glass vase in bubble wrap arrived in pieces- shattered!!
Not as tasty as I thought it would be
I do not get what all the hype is. This is OK, but not awesome...
Product not as expected.  Thanks.
Why raise your price 35% every 3 months?
The coffee was not hot enough.
"Surprised the leafs were so small. Not even close to the size of the ""Brown Sugar Bears""."
Product was stale. Too bad casue the flavor was good, but the pretzels were old!
Not really what I expected.
Came somewhat crushed in its packaging.
These did not have much flavor so they were neither bad nor good, just a bit gummy.
Leaves fell off in the box.  Along with some stems.  It was bent up.  No instructions for care.
Not much to it. Used as a baking filler.
Bag arrived melted..could not use..all bars were flat.
I have drank lots of coconut H20. Before, I still do not understand the reddish color in these
Cannot give a review just yet! The container is so tight I cannot open it I have tried everything ugh!
It is not too good, but if you are desperate for a non-caffeine coffee substitute...
Unsure how to care for this
rice is too soft
Yeah not a fan, cheese tasted like cardboard
The texture and the stick which starts to she would after having it in your mouth
Just do not taste the same as when I was younger. But still like them!
Way too expensive. Do not like the raspberry but lemon is good.
Flavor is non existent
Acquired taste......if you want to fill up, beware of stomach reactions for sensitive folk
Arrived cracked open
Smells and tastes like chemicals.
Could be addicting but ultimately it is junk food. Glorified corn starch.
The taste was not quite what I expected...maybe I am just use to clover honey.
But not to my taste. I prefer otrhers
Once the crystallized honey had been melted down, it is very tasty
Average dark roast flavor. San Francisco Bay tastes better.
There is sugar in this. Not what I wanted.
Not enough ginger
It tastes alright but I was looking for a hot pickle and these are not hot at all.
these taste aweful
Tastes similar to regular mayo but with message
The chips from one of the package were soggy and had to be disposed
its smaller than i expected
2 things... Not enough sauce... And the price stays fluctuating...
Tastes like cardboard. Not a fan.
The candies were used in a gift bag at a baby shower.
Yummy but substantially cheaper at Walmart.
Too sweet and too thick. It will be ok if used in cake or dipping it in dark bitter chocolate.
I had to tenderize it well prior to cooking the fajitas.  It also required trimming, despite
Chips are too salty for our taste.
Somewhat  disappointed in the  gritty teature and Needs more ginseng  flavor per pack.
It is alright but definitely overpriced for the flavor and volume you actually get.
Save your money and diy.
Flavor is not what I thought it would be.
Was not fond of this taste
Do Not work well with Keurig coffee maker!! Will not buy again.
I am only eating one of the three.  The other two are just too bland for me.
The coffee does not taste like salted Carmel,
I purchased 2 boxes of beef jerky and received only 11 sticks in each box.
Awsome taste, but it does not last long enough and costs too much.
Great company but this time it got a bit green sadly
Satisfactory. Beans were somewhat harder than expected
There was a lot less in this than expected! I will skip it next time for sure
Was a bit too salty for me. But definitely fills you up.
The flavor is too malty and the individual bags are not wrapped in the box.
All 6 cans had dents in them.
I could barely taste the lemon
Ok...They arrived. Almost 3-4 weeks after ordered. They were still a little bit green :)
One bag was ripped open but the other was not. Disappointed I paid for two and one is open. :(
Needs a pour spout.....spills when pouring
The flavor was weird..had a cardboard taste and not worth the money..too much for one box
Not what I was expected
I will not reorder.
Could not use as gift since most items were stale.  Used as give always during Christmas party
I found the coffee bitter. Had to compensate with extra cream and sugar.
Package does not match the pictured item. Pouch also arrived soiled with what I am assuming is dirt.
Tried this for the first time.  A decent cup of coffee, but not worth over $16 per pound.
I just found this at a local Walgreens for $1.98. Paid nearly $6 for one which is 3x the price.
they are tasty but not representable because chocolates were all melted.
but Prefer Cappuchino
Prefer basic Mac and Cheese
The bottle came in sealed but the sauce was coming out. I gave it 3 stars
A LOT OF SUGAR ... I DO NOT LIKE IT
These strawberries were very small and did not have a fresh taste to them  Will not purchase again.
They taste like liquid jello. The consistency is basically juice. Not what we expected.
The size is to big and the product actually inside has a little amount of it.
I like the flavor, but my wife does not like the chemicals in this.
THIS WAS VERY FRAGILE AND THE LEGS BROKE OFF SUPER QUICK :(
Several of the pods were leaking.
It was fresh but was all broken up from shipping
You can get 1.5 lb at sees for $19.00 . I paid $30.00
This is HP sauce in England, but in the US it is A-1 sauce.
I will drink these but there is not a lot of peppermint flavor.
I bought different ones. But this one came half empty. The rest were full.
Small bottles and strong aftertaste.
The smoky flavor is far stronger than I expected.
When I received my order it was open and in another plastic bag
a little too much acid
Gave it to my grandchildren,
Ordered five cake's so far only received one.
It came with no lid! The seal was intact but I have no way to close this after I break the seal
I thought it was bigger
Flavor is not great. I am glad I did not pay full price because we would be super disappointed.
Taste is a lil off
I can confirm that the taste does not last long at all, maybe 5 minutes? Not really worth it
Arrived with one group crushed and leaking
Over priced for the money.
Do not really know as I gave it to the person I ordered it for.
What I received was not organic as the advertisement  stated.
The only problem was that it was ready to expire in 3 weeks.
"The price was ok, but the candy was hard to remove from individual "" packages."
But it needs to be cleanse and sorted... and that is a lot of work.
If you drink smoothies everyday even a subscription would not be enough.
I feel they are to pricey for the taste
The heat in here is overpowering all taste.
Most of the cookies were broken
Lighter in color than the last bottle I had and flavor is not as strong.  Not sure what happened.
Broken in small pieces.  Hardly any big peices. Ok if you like eating crumbs.
A little smaller and drier than I am used to.
Still good , just a touch expensive
Only about 60% cook properly.
thank you the package came today 9/16/19
one of the drinks when bad.had a wine taste?
I did not like the flavor
Smaller than expected.
Good but expensive.
Not enough gouda flavor in this soup.
Not what I hope tried this twice and prefer the grape juice instead pricey for carbonated drink
Very small portions but fun to make.
I found a package of two (2) - 3 oz 30 pack on Ebay for $18 and I paid $18 for one package.
Nowhere as hot as expected. A little spicy kick that is it.
Good for tacos but it does not last long once opened, it only last two days. Not good
Not really flavorful like real taquitos.
Not much in the bag
Started buying the generic pods---just as good, half the price or less.
Ummm, it tastes okay, but not delicious.
These taste like cardboard with a flavor dusting- not my taste
Container was dented but not crack.
They are good, but awfully expensive.
NOT MOVIE EXPERIENCE AT  ALL
I thought that I was ordering lime juice.  Opps, my bad.  I am sure that I will use it though.
The variety inside bag was not evenly distributed.
Good flavor, however very dry and a little hard to slice.
I like the ease of the packet but I prefer Justin's almond butter to peanut butter.
Honestly i do not know why I keep ordering fruit from amazon with high hopes these bananas came bruised af!
Where is the vanilla? Barely noticeable in the pudding.
Good but very expensive
I was craving speggetti  and meatballs, not the portion and quality I was expecting.
Coffee stronger than my taste
keeps you going when you need that pick me up
They have a good flavor, but expensive
I thought they were expensive. I did enjoy them as a snack.
I think some people would like these water enhancers, but I did not particularly like the flavors.
It will get you by especially as we are having trouble getting food and such
Tasty but fell short of my expectations from Bali Blue Moon from Trader Joes
I will not buy these again
Just not for me !
Did not realize I had to cut them out, although looking back, it is in the description.
Loved the taste but they were stale
Just like their Ice Cream........expensive!  I do not want to go broke being on Keto!!
I would buy this again
Out of the pack. Ugh the smell is fishy
It is just jelly filling instead of the filling I had when I was in China.
I was hoping for movie thesis quality. i found the product lacking in taste.
Cannot rate it I ordered it for someone else. Heard no complaints.
Just like other reviewers noted, only half the can are peppers. Rest is liquid.
This stuff tastes great but the price is a little crazy
A bit pricey for amount of coffee
Usually a good product--must be a bad Amazon vendor
The cherry flavor was rather bland for me.  I guess I just expected more.
The blue dye can be tasted in this candy.
Why, oh why, are there carrots in these FRUIT snacks????  Also they stick to your teeth
Could be stronger with the fabric instead of plastic
In general it is fresh and taste good, but there are a few over-roasted nuts which is irritating.
Delivered smashed in to almost sawdust.
My daughter did not like the marshmallow
These are sub par taste and quality.
Looked g at for a couple days but died on the third day. Should last longer.
Wished they sold smaller packs.
Very tiny and sour. I expected little bigger in size and easier to take apart
These are good, but do not hold a candle to the Hemisfares brand; too bad they are not available.
no freshness date on package
Tastes great but is very thin and runny and gritty.
Weak cinnamon taste.  Kelloggs cinnamon waffles are so much better.
Is to sweet and to heavy for me. I do not buy again.
Green Mtn double diamond much stronger and 1/2 the price.
I love the taste..however they arrive all broken up
I do not like that these items may contain lead. Some of them taste a bit off.
I would have rather had regular beef sticks over pepperoni flavored sticks.
They stuck together
Not a good assortment. Mainly stuff people really do not like
Burnt coffee flavor
Compared to Thomas', there is no comparison.
Why does the candy in the center taste like pickles??
The cup tops blow apart and get grounds everywhere. The taste is just meh.
a little mild for my taste buds
package was open when I got it
Just a few of these servings have stevia and the rest are highly sugared.
not for me but hey I am allergic to milk
Noodles were cracked
It is only okay..might buy again though.
I wish it was cheaper based on a good number of seeds are bad
Hotter then I thought
They have a soy taste which I do not particularly care for.
It took a little while to show up though compared to most of my other orders
Comes with two thin fruit rolls. They taste ok, my kids would not eat them. Maybe the texture
Its different but reduces cravings for bread lovers.
I do not know did not seem to be what I wanted,
Tasted good but included all the sees and rinds.  Shipping was too expensive.
Wanted to use in smoothies but too grainy.
Bought Pink Grapefruit, but was sent only the regular sparkling.
Not horrible, but not great!
My seeds did not expand very much, still hard and seedy they did not gel.
Could not smell or taste the garlic.
I purchased the BBQ one's before, but the buffalo was not as flavorful than the BBQ
Basic chemical coffee
They definitely taste different then I remember
It is not bad but it is not great.
Only drawback is that the instructions are in German.  Had to go to Google translate.
Not thrilled with it. There are other Hormel Compleats that are much better.
cool concept not worth the price
Did not like the garlic flavor
Not yet am I convinced that I like the taste.  Not necessarily the beans'  fault!
Using these for baby shower favors for someone having twins..easy to do
Tasts OK, not strong coffee flavored. Candy sticks on the wrapper and the wrapper is hard to tear.
but the price is way to high! I happen to find in store at half the price for same product.
Got it and they were all shattered. Never got my money back..
too liquidy.  a different brand was more syrupy and thick.  sorry.
Came as liquid but they did send it with a freezer pack , buy instore
The bread was good, but a little thick tasting
No flavor whatsoever.
Melted when received
There was a hole in the bag when I received it.
It is ok just not great
I had to use 2 packets per cup of coffee,the're going fast. Will try Honey Powder next time.
Were pretty hard and had a strange taste. I can only eat them mixed with other things.
Not enough for the money
I thought it was smaller ...
Just an FYI...there is sugar in this mustard.
Still experimenting.
A bit pricey but no issues.
Sometimes great and fresh - some times mediocre and stale.
It was great until the watermelon flavor goes out of it. It leaves a nasty aftertaste.
Brachs why do you only put in a few red ones!  This is my favorite.  All colors should be equal
Was not the flavor that I was looking for.
ABOUT WHAT TO EXPECT FROM A CANNED PRODUCT.  ACCEPTABLE TASTE.
I bought these for Easter baskets. My two boys did not like them (7 & 9yrs old).
The sodium  content
But my daughter loves them!!
I received my item open  noodles spilled everywhere.
i sent this as a gift. they thanked  me but made no other comment
Received these a week ago. Top few were a bit tough but so far the rest are fine.
Not as flavorful  as I expected.
Surprisingly, this was very poor quality meat with no taste.
You do not get a lot. The jar is enough to make about 6 cakes that is about it.
Not as chocolate/mint tasting as I was expecting.  Wish it were mintier.
Goid black tea. Not spectacular, but ok.
Was what is expected
Tried it for something different...prefer the original.  I did not like the slight sharp taste.
Hard to read with all the funny faces. Did not do anything for our taste trying out new stuff
I have bought many of these but lately they loose their potency quickly! Are these outdated?
Why is this one 2 carbs, but the 'deluxe' unwrapped ones are less than one carb?  Weird.
Still have not found the elusive scoop
Wish they came in cans with metal cover like the od day, to keep moisture out.
A  it upset that the box was damaged and some where opened in the box and it was leaking
ATTENTION ALL!!! THIS IS NOT A 60 SERVING CONTAINER AS ADVERTISED!
I thought I would like these because they are cut in 1/2, but I do not care for the flavor.
I would not put this in the category of chocolate at all.
yeah order if you drink 30 cups a day because these expire in a month
Epected tea pods to arrive in a box, not 24 pods loose in a shipping box.
The mixture was a bit powdery
Weaker than expected based on use of ground drip of same blend.
It was ok too thick!
Not outstanding  But good.  Could have been a little thicker
It is supposed to be vacuumed sealed and when I got it all the tightness of the bag was gone. 
It does not mix well
Not at all what I expected
I did not care for the taste of these at all
Prunes had only 6 months till expiration, they are somewhat mushy.
Too close to expiring.
i bought 3 two do not stay together
Flavor is not anywhere near the taste of the sea salt.
So far I like the product. A little upset the orange came open and leaked out
I do not like that these are from China...
was not what I thought it was did not like
Did Not seem like much flavor.  Do not dislike this coffee, but middle of the road.
I cooked these as directed for 2 hours and they were still crunchy. Maybe I should soak overnight?
The turmeric has a dirty taste to it !  It is nasty.The ginger is good
Plugs the needle often Evey 5-6 cups
Not much to say. Just dramatically overpriced.
Does not have a root beer flavor
A lot of peanuts and hazelnuts.
Not as flavorful as spry brand
It is very filling. You only need half as much.
One of three jars arrived cracked. Pls replace.
Marshmallows great but spoons horrible.
Lacks body and flavor.
Different from what I remember 30 years ago
Like Pumpkin products, but no this one,
Exactly what I expected, Not the fastest shipping time though.
The steak sauce was very good but both the bbq sauces were terrible tasting
Good if you are craving imitation crab but thought the flavor was a little dull
Unfortunately most of the cookies were broken.
Not bad but not great.  A bit fishy.
About half of them had no filling and were just the regular caramel ones. 
They do not fit in the giant pen machine!  Not functional!
Not a whole lot of flavor.  I will not be buying this again.
A great drink and not just for breakfast. I prefer it very cold and I can drink it anytime of day.
Good product but very thin slices for the price
Too salty and spicy for charcoal seasoning
Tough noodles that do not soften. Really no flavor. Takes a lot of help to make better.
Definitely not super fresh.
not as flavorful as i had expected. will try different flavor next time.
I got no grapefruit. Was replaced with peach 
The bag the sugar was in looked intact but the mailer bag had sugar all over the inside. yuck.
I have bought these seeds least six times but this is the first time they did not taste fresh.
Not enough sweet pieces :( Mostly spicy and salty - like 90% spicy and salty and 10% sweet
Cake box was bent really not approved for a birthday gift
Taste somewhat abrasive, but works well with specific recipes.
Same as adding chocolate  powder to my coffee
I think that the taste of this coffee is overrated
Not as tasty as others.
Bitter/burnt tasting. Not a fan.  Cold Brew slightly better than pour over
Too thick to be used to drink.  I guess it would be okay for cooking and baking
These tasted fine but beware they are small.
Received a chunk of stuff together candy
It was a little high on the price
If so then buy ice cream off Amazon.
But this local all the time, but twice from Amazon and it smelled off
Not as good as the whips they sell. These are a bit dry and crunchy. A little messy.
Misleading ad. Not the quality that is pictured.
Cans were dented and only had 23 cans in the case
Do not care for the flavor. Prefer the Italian brand.
Bit bland my taste not up to Fritos standard
The dark chocolates had a white cloudy appearance surrounding the dark chocolate.
I like the healthy part but does this have to be so bland and tasteless?
Wish there was ginger in it.. just tastes like mint and a little too much.
The coffee pods comes damaged.
Too expensive, otherwise ok
The limoncello flavor was on the dry side.  Other flavors might be moister.
Cans came dented and ordered 6 and 3 came one day & the other 3 a day or two later
Not coarse at all Does not work in my grinder
Good price.  A little weak for my taste, but that is just me.
It is okay, not a big fan ........ I prefer the regular (plain) dates.
Not the same since new manufacturers took over.
Did not have all the coffee flavor and brand that was advertised.
Good price was not as tasty as usual maybe picked at the wrong time!
Neat concept, but they did not work on me.
Also hard to open with a high risk is splashing oil everywhere.
I do not like the taste.
Ease of prep but surprised by final product.
It was ok. the bad had a small hole in it so it could have been better.
Not what I spected
I did not find them spicy at all
do not waste your money
Mine came WITHOUT THE LID!
Can are all dented! What is this scratch and dent sale?
Advertised with apples but compartment was empty.
Did not like the taste or how  it made me feel
Wanted me earthy matcha. It is ok.Would not order again
Worst curry sauce ever. Everything else great.
Some pieces we are out of the package.
Tastes like figs. I do not like the taste. Not at all what I expected.
Very dry and hard. Had to throw many of them away. Too hard to eat.
SO SO. for cake or snacks.
I like the product,, but it came damaged
Not restaurant quality I was looking for
Two of the boxes had kcups damaged. Coffee grounds loose in box
It was not the taste I was expecting.
I swear this said pack of 2... Only got 1.  Something fishy there.
Not a whole lot of flavor
Packaging needs work. One was not closed all the way and leaked. Threw one jar away.
A bit bland, but we Gaffigan'd our way through the whole bag anyway.
Not a lot of flavor
Flavor of product was middle of road for taste.  Not as I remembered
went molded before I could cook them
Flavor of the candies are excellent, but the gummies are stiff and appear to be stale.
Some of my packages were not air tight. Please make sure products our air tight.
Not very much chocolate taste
Flat tasting.  Very blahzai for a cookie.
Does not dissolve well if you are trying to make tea.
Bought 4 boxes, 3 were fine, but 1 tasted stale and had to be tossed. Luck of the draw I suppose.
I thought it was Vanilla Beans, but I ended with a Vanilla Syrup.
The person I brought it for likes it.
I did not like the coffee, it did not taste like it said.
I did not get any promo
I like the product but I ordered the 50 count, not four 12 counts and 2 loose single packs.
A different taste but starting to like it?!
I do not think I will purchase this product again.
Had enough. Cancelled my Subscribe and save. Thanks
Package was smushed.
Would have given 5 stars but I received some of the cans dented
Wish these were bigger, they ARE NOT the size of a quarter.
Love the cookies, but eating cookies that came broken is not what I wanted for my party.
I do not have enough experience using your product
arrived 3/4 smashed.
It was ok,,but I would not order it again
beware that this tea has 6g of sugar and 160g of sodium... .
Pretty dry texture, a little bitter taste
Almost every can in the case of Meatloaf starter I ordered was dented.
I do not like the taste of the tea.
Expected something different
Tastes a little old, use it fast before it goes rancid!
Out of 2 orders 1 box all was broke in each order . So out of 4 boxes 2 was broke
The tend to get a bit smashed when placed in a large box with other items.
I ordered onion and got garlic!!!
Not enough flavor, will not order again.
Arrived promptly but many pieces were broken.
The candys were crushed and the Reeces tasted old.
I love these sprinkles my only gripe was that I ordered a pack of three and one came broken
Very tasty. But lg bag was deceiving , barely half full.  Disappointed
My bag was melted by the time I received the delivery
I received a packet of crumbs.......
I would forgotten how salty these are, tasty but so darn salty
The corn was mixed with cans of creamed corn and the cans were loose in big boxes.
Planted and only 1/2 came up
So she gave me her phone number.
Clearly says $2 only...
One of the Italian packets was open a small amount leaked out other than that all was good.
Disliked taste.  Made my mouth dry after eating them.  Pieces much smaller than expected.
came damaged never got to try it.
pretzels what can you say
Small jar was only partially filled.
Not a big fan of Lipton teas.
Did not check the size when I bought it. It turns out half size of  Costco, but same price.
"They were very tasty but expensive . A box of ""See's"" Candy is a better value."
Staff like having coffee theme instead of rooster.  . . . . . . . . . . no complaints
*Received Only 90 in the box...... Not 100
Only made a medium one pizza
It is good but expensive
Its bitter; but I mixed with other coffee after I did not like the first cup.
I ordered two jars of this and one of the lids was damaged allowing product to leak out.
Just does not have the same great SKOR flavor so it was quite disappointing.
Little on the expensive side . takes good
The pineapple and green apple flavors are horrible, the rest are pretty good.
Some of the Payday candy bars arrived open on one end.
It arrived with a lot of crushed cashews
I did not like that the product had busted and leaked all over everything.
Quick and easy rice and does not taste horrible
the snowman tower was much smaller than i expected for the price.
I thought the cans were larger for the price
They smelled like a chemical, like alcohol??
Must buy from store next time.
to much corn not popped- average taste-disappointed & would not buy again
"The meal was better and more filling at 16 ounces. Another fallen victim of ""progress."" Too bad!"
It tastes fine, but the bag I bought smells like marijuana. :/
The picture had 44 packets in the box, but mine only had 40 (40 was written on the box).
These are a lot like eating chewy Starbursts. Not my cup of tee.
Did not come as president in photo,  just came  wrapped in paper!
I can tolerate it once in a while but definitely no replacement for decaf coffee.
Just not into it.
It is very weak tea and a bit pricey. But the taste is nice.
Would not take a free small jar I found a nut  butter that works for me O N
good but mucho pesos  :-(
I like that it tastes good but it was too expensive
Fair product - a little dry and not much pumpernickel taste.
Too much sugary candy and not enough licorice.
It looked pretty, but so flimsy and poorly made, had a tiny sticker to hold the sticks in place
Not as fresh as the smaller bags.  Very hard, but usable.
The description says they are large beans. They are not more like a small med bean.
Product was fine...the tin was damaged...could not give as a gift....
We regularly buy these Bradford k-cups, and sometimes they are completely empty...
Most boxes were half crushed crackers
Tried something new, was not very good in my opinion
Great tasting coffee. Unfortunately the glass container is almost always broken in transit
It states 2 pack in the title however, you only receive 1! Total rip off
I like bold...this one is not.  Not its fault, just not to my taste.
Very good on everything. A little expensive.
I only received half of my irder. I ordered 48 pods and only received 24
I like the taste, but if you are thinking you are going to avoid the carbs, think again.
Order the package of 3 for the value.  Did not work out.  One of the jars arrived open.
Do not like the taste. Too liquory, in my opion.
All tastes the same despite there being three varieties...get your charcuterie elsewhere
Some of these nut pieces were fresh tasting, but some were slightly rancid.
These are made in China. I probably would not have purchase that had I known.
More of a nostalgic feeling than a good taste. Chocolate was a little dried out.
Expiration date is only 3 months
These pork rinds were not salty enough for me if you like that salty goodness choose another brand.
Did not have time to return and wait for another.
Three of Six cans arrived dented, one severly but did not break.
Very tasty!! Just beware the size of the bottle is very small. You do not get very much seasoning.
Not the wheat I was looking for
The salt overwhelmed the caramel, in the end had to buy some brand from ROSS store to dilute
A little to sweet for my taste.
Super disappointing, not like the original 3D Doritos. Tastes like crappy bugles.
Texture is not creamy. Gritty with puddles.
I prefer a stronger roast.
Not enough candy and a ton of peanuts. I did not enjoy this product.
Did not sprout for me ;-(
Save your money and buy something else. Can only use one time. Plastic melts and gets on the cake.
Water and coconut is what it tastes like
Add did not tell me about Chocolate/nut flavor
"""Travel size"" snack bags are .99oz (x2) and 2.5 oz.  Not very much for the price."
My wife is not to cracked about this flavor, but will drink it.
kids are not as fond of this
It is okay but pricey for the small little bag.
Gross, of course. Kids did not like them as much as I thought they would.
Tasty. Need smaller packets.
Not enough in package.
not what I wanted
The gummies were soft, but the flavor is very odd. Did not taste like jolly ranchers
Not as tasty, dry, over baked, too brown.
basically food coloring
One of the jars was loosely closed and opened in the mail, so I had to toss it.
Does not taste like eggnog.  All I can taste is nutmeg.  I am hoping I can add something to fix it.
Tasted a bit stale, but totally edible, not rancid. Husband liked them, but I have had fresher.
The can is dented
Mrs Dash now just Dash
My kids and I had a blast trying the candies out.
Cute idea but spoons came all broken
these use to be 3oz
bought 2 boxes, only 97 added together.
Love tge product but not an open bag with missing cookies
3 cans busted! Soda everywhere
Although they are thick, they break easily when used with thick dips. Other brands taste better.
Very small gum balls, They are fine I guess but it was not what I thought it was going to be at all
Smaller than I though it would be
Much less salt than corn chips.  Decent.
I did not  like this tea sorry,will not order again
Found product online bought enough to last a while
The package is super small
Kind of expensive, not super flavorful.
This coffee is rather bland. Not crazy about it.
Smaller than the originals
Good jam.  A little expensive
They seem old already, have eyelets  growing which tells me these are old.
Fast shipper. Dumplings were NoT all broken up like the boxes you buy in grocery store
Twice the price it should not be for the size
it was okay a little bland
Too spicy for me to handle
A lot of the lollipops were broken in the bag. Other then that, they taste great.
This was a gift for my Grandchildren so I could not rate it.
Half of them were spoiled, not cool for how much they cost
Looks much larger in picture. Over priced for the amount you get.
We received Extra strength instead of Regular strength 
one of the bottles in the pack, grape raspberry, was only 2/3 full. Had it been opened? Strange.
When air popped they taste stall and go cold super fast
organic but made in China that makes me wondering
I no not like the flavor.  It turned into a dry ball of nut mixture in my mouth.
These were not very juicy.
It is to thick.. did not taste much like the bars
I only gave it 3 stars because the assortment contained 6 pumpkin flavor k cups.
Would like them replaced at no charge.
Weird flavor with the seasoning. I was looking for traditional roasted lightly seasoned seaweed.
Flavor is fantastic but it is hard to justify the price
Flavorless. I do not know how anyone can drink this.
Not out of this world
Product arrived quickly but items are stale/rock hard and are not edible
Spicy is not spicy at all.  That said, $1.34 for a 1.1oz pack is a spicy pricey I AM GOING TO.
I did not like this brand they seemed soft
Flavor was good but not fresh tasting. It was a little hard.
Decent flavor but entirely too watery. Would work if you mixed it 50/50 with a salsa verde.
Each pack is all smooshed so they crumble when you open them.
Not all bottles were sealed properly.  Had to throw away.
No issues with product or shipment
Definitely not even close to the old charms pop sour flavor
too spicy for my taste
Processed in THAILAND!
Thought the can would have been larger
Synthetic taste. I have not tried all 10 that I ordered & will re-review if my experience changes.
I love sweet but holy cow! Just do not be shocked
I thought it would be sweeter
Tastes pretty rough but I put it in smoothies and that helped
I thought the bag would have been bigger. A couple were unwrapped. It was alright.
Candy was ok but seemed a little stale. I am still glad I ordered them but would not order again.
like the taste of  THIS fish ! dislike the lack of anchovies flavor I thought I got !
I like the ingredients and consistency, but too coconutty.
The Twinkies are 1/4 the size they were a year ago. They have no flavor.
Looks, taste and aroma are spot on.
For the money no.. was no different then any other jerky I had
kind of disappointed. these do not taste like the original fudgesicles I grew up on. bummer.
Plan to add fresh/frozen rhubarb to filling to rt reduce sweetness.
This tasted like they just added the tuna mayo sauce to some ham. No zip at all like deviled ham.
they leak a lot of coffee grounds into the cup but it seems durable plastic so should last a while
The blue raspberry is hard as a rock. The strawberry was fine.
"This product needs a little more ""kick"" in my humble opinion."
I was a bit surprise at how little each bottle has.  It tastes not bad.
Where is the mocha?? As it was brewing it smelled a little like Clorox. Not a big fan.
Maple flavor is not particularly noticeable.
Nothing worth mentioned. Over priced and the acidity is neither fruity nor floral, just very sour.
Despite warming texture was not like pasta. Cost prohibitive
It was okay the color stuff tasted really bad they have barley no flavor
No pump included.
Lack of milk flavor. The bread which I made was not rich enough as I expected.
Product was defective. Would like a refund
Liked the tastes, very thin and watery
it is ok sort of a strange flavor hard to overcome
The product looked old and white covering on the chocolate.
The package was previously open and that was not mentioned anywhere.
I will never purchase this product again.
Sometimes stale sometimes fresh. No quality control or rotation of stock based on any use by date.
if you want breakfast in a hurry this will do
Satisfaction 60%
A lot of the bags did not have any air in them so they were kind of stale
find the Marshalls Creek items above average in quality, very useful to have around
I could only barely taste (if at all) the chocolate peanut butter taste--- please make it stronger.
Not much if any orange flavor just tea
a little 2 sweet
Product came all dented.
Spoiled and their dates were 10/17/2021
PLANTED SOME IN THE BACKYARD
Did not have enough flavor.
not nearly as good as the other reviews led me to believe, but they are okay,
To big...was not glittery but big flakes instead
Not full bodied enough
I like them very much but almost all crackers were broken
Good product but a bit expensive.
This pineapple barely has any flavor. Also, a lot of the pieces still have a bit of core.
Flavorful. But dry, talky and crumbling
Both boxes were broke on the bottom end.
much smaller than expected
I like these mushrooms, but could be cheaper for one package.
Reminded me of the taste of canned spaghetti rings. I did not like it.
Way over priced for what you get.
It made a good cup of tea.  However, the product was too expensive.
My son would not eat the chocolate flavored bar so I tried it... yuck I could not eat it either.
Thought it was too pricey for the product
It tastes okay but will not get again not a favorite!
Next time I will get the salted ones.
Way too much lemon flavor. IT is thick enough
I have t tried yet but can came dented.
Flavor is not bad, but the chips are small and hard.
The description said 56 items and I only received 50. Missing 6 of them. Count upon delivery.
I did not like it because it contains monosodium glutamates..
The can is misshaped.
It is not what the picture shows it to be
Just did not do it for me.
prefer the watermelon and did not have the oopah that the watermelon had
food gift box to studying students
Personally, I like 5 min.  You choose
Some was good but some were stale
I will say its just alright.
I brought this for my kids because they had a class project and this was the cheapest.
only tried one, so far.
Wish I had realized it had aspartame. was a bit dry.
It is good but too expensive
Boxes a little smaller than expected.
have not used it yet, It is organic
Too many husks very tough not tender
These were almost all halves, very few whole nuts, They were rather small for extra large.
Only 2 flavors in each package.
Just writing a review to get it off the screen. Pardon my OCD.
These pepper were very old not fresh.
Drinks arrived dented in a box with no padding. Expensive product should be protected better.
The smell made you not want to eat it.
Good but I got a package that was mostly tiny little pieces.  Worse than getting mishandled chips
The expiration date on this product was like in a month.
These are not full size bars, be aware!
Overpriced for what you are getting
Product was super weak not at all what I expected as a full flavor product
Average snack, I have big eaters with 3 boys and these seemed to stay in the pantry for awhile.
the former icon of summer sausage
Chemical smell. Will not be using.
Just writing a review to get it off the screen. Pardon my OCD.
I NEED TO CANCEL THE ORDER
Not enough taste for me.
I do not like the flavor
Ordered two packages of two pack sauce.  One of the packages has one bottle that was leaking.
Most of the pretzels arrived broken
Some of the cans had pushed out bottom, and I could stand them up!
Good but never really ripened sadly.
Some of the packets were puncturedso everything was sticky.
The chocolate coating has a texture like chewing gum.
I do not care for the sparkling water that this is made from
Tastes like Earl Grey the only critique I have is that it is strangely bitter.
Did not get 24 , there was only 23 on pkg, had planned on giving each of my offspring 6
Disappointing.  More a salty flavor than shrimp.  Made from wheat, not a rice cracker.
Ok. Not great. Size and drip nozzle. Nozzle pours more than you want, EVERY time.
They were not as advertised. Not the most sour and very few in the package.
not very much berry flavor.
Can I plant these?
Was not a fan of how buttery this is, you could take out the spices and use it on popcorn!
I like this item
Nice honey but it is a little expensive.
I think the tea was a little too gritty and it was not a very robust flavor. All and all, it was ok.
wish it were non-gmo
Did not receive pebbles with my order
As Advertised but Overpriced !
Just a hint of cinnamon
Very very yellow orange color. Not very gold and a little flimsy. It was so cheap for a reason
the ginger overpowers everything else... i like ginger but it is a lot.
They are not very soft, and seem smaller than similar ones in the local store.
Decent taste, slightly bitter though.
They are very tasty but got really broken in shipping.
Have not tried them all yet.  But I do like the Lavender Chamomile.
Worked for what we needed but as I said more expensive for amount received
I do not like the taste of this coffee.
I do not care fr the taste and texture; however, my husband likes them, so gave 3 stars.
does not pack the same punch as regular 5 hour
The texture was not what I expected It was watery.
The bacon jelly jar leaked all over the present.
We love these snacks, but they are not worth waiting for for this long.
Just does not cut the mustard
Not sweet, but fresh.
... if not, you should probably avoid these.
Husband cannot eat it now due to the new addition of soy lecithin.  Bummer.
I did not like this as much as the other Cheez-It is.
Going back to Starbucks Cocoa from Costco...  Half price and not as bitter.
Taste good but have to Add ice wait for it to get cold
lots of halves and pieces
Many of the shells arrived broken.  Used for a taco salad.
The box was all beat up, dent, wrapped messed up
The taste just was not there.
This has been tossed around and the cookies are not whole, they are crumbs.
My tastebuds picked up a strange biting twist after swallowing.
Not enough Basil Flqvor
Great when bought in store but when shipped not great. Lots of pieces & too expensive.
Since I could not read the directions, I do not know if I prepared it correctly
Amazon  cannot sell this product.  It is cloudy.
WAY WAY too sweet! WHY must EVERYONE add sugar to canned food?!?! *frustrated*
Several of the cans in the case were severely dented.
I received the package yesterday but the expiration date was 12/5/2020.
Product arrived leaking.
Bought this on a whim. Save your money and support a local coffee place.
I did not get the correct amount that supposed to be in the box.
Would be 5..but 1 of the drink is spoiled...hopefully not a sign to come in the future
Much smaller than the pic represents.
Because they are mini !!!!
Everything as described. Just was not a fan of the products included for the fmost of the part
Every can was dented
Slightly old too large dried
Was using to replace sugar in ice tea. Didn;t like the taste and would not melt in ice tea.
it is what it is
Works. Overpriced. Recommended for low carb fanatics!
Brewed via pour over.  Too acidic for me.
I used this product for food
For the price they work for me
Pictures deceiving.
I like the jerky but it is cheaper in store
mostly peanuts and stale tastying
Got it and was ripped open! Got it everywhere!
There was no label on the container which makes me feel like it is a factory second.
I was hoping for more elderberry flavor.. sadly the flavor is a bit flat.
"Not really thin, as in the old fashion ""thin"" ribbon candy"
Good candy , very expensive
Found it in a local stores and is $3 cheaper per bag ($6 cheaper per 2-bag).
2nd time buying and not much variety
Do Not like the taste
Arrived as bare root and not potted or pot with it.
Did not notice any difference in my coffee when using this or a regular food container.
Many of the mints were broken in the wrapper.
Not nearly as tasty as other brands of chili crisp I have tried.
They are grapes, what can I say.
A little more bitter than I prefer
Gave it as a gift.
I wish I would realized the size of the container before I purchased.  WAY over priced for the size.
Great variety but a few bags came opened already. Not good.
I am looking forward to using it in my FodMap diet.
All flavors to me taste like weak and too sweet Hot Chocolate
guess i am not a fan of ranch
Not as flavorful as expected
I do not like the plum skins in the spread.
What is to say its acv?
It is expensive. I have better results using probiotic capsules and thiy are 1/4th the  price.
Lemons were firm seem to be fresh I got 2 oz of juice from one lemon using a lemon squeezer
These just do not taste very well compared to other edamame.
Would not buy again
The product met my expectations.
Pastry was very dry Not much flavor at all
the amount of what you get is deceiving. the basket is not fill to the bottom with nuts.
To sweet to eat Way too expensive
Clogs airbrush machine
Good enough for rice, but disappointing as advertized.
Its okay water, but the price is too high. Water should not be expensive
Did not really taste like peanut butter cups. Spread well.
the quantity what is this made out gold
This was recommended to me.
The bag of funnel cake mix was open
I only received 40 pics there were No balloon ones in the package
Tasty but pricey.
I was hoping to give this a try but I found it leaking once I opened the box.
Looks like a fun game but much smaller than I expected.
Did not care for the flavor.
These were not the Korean pork that i was looking for.
Ok for smaller size to take for lunch. A little broken up.
Has an after taste. I will stick with my Truvia or Pyure.
I received these a very long time after I ordered them.  The ground is frozen now.
This was not the same Glitterati that I thought I was purchasing.  The flavor was sub par.
The kernels popped were small and the were not that fresh.
The bag consisted of alot of 3 musketeers.
Not as tasty as I anticipated.
Not as flaky as expected. Yellowish in color
I usually love these chocolates-  not good this time!!
Ok but very small overpriced
Taste good but too expensive
Not quite my cup of tea, or cheese.
weak colors. it became greenish if you apply more
I like the quality of the item but they are too dense for me.
I am not fond of the after taste
Some chips were smashed.
Places are jacking up prices on stuff that they should not be
Not enough chili on the outside
Iwanted it for health issues
It is not bad it is just that the gliter is fake
Cans came crushed an empty. Of course no return available
Only five pretzel in the little bag and cheese was melted
For the price, I will not be ordering this again.
The flavor and consistency are fine for a boxox, bit the price was ridiculous.
Damaged inside shipping box
Seal is not complete. Can shake it and liquid splatters out.
The box had a thick sticky film and coved in dirt/dust  But the product inside was fine
These were all alright
was expecting them to be like the old seven up candy, they were not.
Much too salty, not able to use.
has an after taste
Decent alternative to kirkland. But not great. Super thin.
Pancake making it does not come up the way they describe it!
Might try it on a ceaser salad
Eight out of the twelve Progresso soup cans were damaged upon arrival.
I was looking for a little different tast
Do not taste any difference from regular old pepper.
I bought this for my tropical fish They seem to like it.
Came melted. Still ate them but they were melted together.
Tastes soapy. Not something I would buy again.
My children like this milk, but its shelf life is too short
Quantity was so  less that it is not worth that much amount of money to spend for that sweetner
Tasted bland, expected a better product
It \is an okay price.. not a great price for what you get..that is why I only gave it 3 stars..
The alcohol content overpowers the almond flavor and I did not like it at all.
The item did not come as pictured. It comes in a clear-ish plastic container.
ghee is soft and liquidy
The candies were old and the wrappers stuck on the candy.
Good chips, but tasted stale. Not like I remember when I had them on an airplane.
The description says pack of 4! I only got one.
Good delivery---two bad flavors
I love this product, but what arrived in the mail was pretty stale.  Bummer.
This smoked salmon is mediocre at best. I only get it when other brands are unavailable.
These bars used to cost 30-32$ and now it is 36+$ it used to be worth it but not much anymore
I did not like it too much. No what I expected
It does have a nice taste but very weak
All the tops were dented.  The only way to open was to use a knife.
If you like a stronger Chicory flavor go with French Market or Cafe DuMonde
I know its all personal taste, but I prefer Barleans. I do like the glass mug though.
The flower were not Fresh and different from was show on the picture
Taste is good nothing special.Heat was not that bad a little burn and that is it.Could be hotter.
They were a bit melted.
Gets the job done
Box I received was open and only had 8 packages not 10.
1 came in open with sauce all over.
Ordered several cases. All dented.
Delish but too expensive! Costco has a vegan drink that is more affordable.
It had to much salt not good for a person eating low sodium
This flavor was a replacement for my auto shipreally rather have my LIME!!
I had to throw out several pieces of the fruit because they were beginning to spoil.
only half the kernels consistently pop
Do not buy if you have arthritic or otherwise compromised hands.
They are supposed to be large but are very small.
Not as good as other curry powders that I have used! But it was just a few dollars!
it was advertised as 3 bottles but only received one bottle with my order...
I thought it was going to be on a display
It is smaller than you think
Candy was a little hard and tough to chew, but still pleased overall.
When I got the item, there was a hole in the bag and rice was in the box as well.
See the headline.
Double the Price of Costco!!!
They were just okay, tasted a bit stale to me...
Have ordered a few times and it is often very ripe and must be eaten within a day.
Takes too long to thicken.
I got 1 (ONE) Sour candy in the WHOLE packet
Not As spicy as I was hoping
Thought it would be bigger for the price.
Do not care for the soy.
The flavor just is not the same as it was in the past. These used to be a favorite.
Taste like coffee with a hint of cream and sugar.
Calming tea, never drank enough to link to heart health, but recommended by quite a few people
Purchased for diabetics that frequent a food pantry.  Have not heard comments yet.
they were the nastiest thing i ever eat
I love the cereal, but unfortunately a box will only last you ~3 days
I love that is does not have aspartame but unfortunately, the taste does not last long at all.
container was cracked upon arrival.
Would be five stars if they did not include the vanilla flavor!
Wish it was cheesier!
Not much else to say.
Not quite what I expected; not flavorful enough
Very dry cracker
55 lbs. Is way two heavy for one box. Put the cases in two boxes next time.
Main drawback is no English instructions
For the amount you get. Go to the dollar store and buy instead!!!!!! Rip. Off.
It is the second time the bag has come ripped
It should be a little hotter and less sweet.
Impossible to form links effectively with collagen casing. A mistake to have bought it.
Tasted okay but was all broken up by the time we received them.
I DID NOT CATE FOR IT. IT WAS NOTHING LIKE THE TED MACWELL HOUSE
Surprisingly little flavor; very bland.  Olive oil, more so than butter, helps
A little too bold for me.
to costly  for  what  you  get
Not the best cookies I have had. Extremely expensive for what you get. Shipping very slow.
I bought these because I loved them as a child. They were hard as a brick. Waste of money.
LOVE these pressels but pkging is not good.  They arrive ALL crumbs!!!
Fresh but not the flavor I expected.
Some of the product tasted stale. I would order again if somehow I knew it would be fresh
Lots of veggies but not much taste
1st and last time I will buy. I just do not get it. Eat the real thing instead.
Tasty, but over priced.
Did not received all of my items
Is there a version without the MCT oil? It does not like my stomach.
Does not taste like lavander. It is just from the lavender flower
Not enough for two people!  But tasty
Not fond of the taste or how it dissolves
did not like the flaver
tablets change the taste, only for a little while.
I do not know it was a gift for a friend ,she never said.
Too m;uch liquid.  Not enough shredded cranberries nor orange zest
Did not like these much  and the bag was almost empty
I think I just do not like cashew butter
Too watery for me.
This is a versatile sauce to use for the fajita.  I used it to flavor burrito bowls.
Love this product but it was poorly packed and came smashed...
They were pretty ripe. I prefer to buy them on the hard side.
These tasted well enough but were a little bit hard to chew. Also a lot more cheese then pretzels.
Did not really taste of anything except salt.  High in protein though.
It is good...but nothing to do cartwheels about.
review in headline
Did not care for the taste
seems a bit old.
I think they need to add pomegranate
So much money for very little product. Definitely felt taken advantage of.
Order was suppose to have two boxes only got one.
I did not like the after taste.
These are not as crispy as I expected. Very chewy.
The taste is not bad but mercy you cannot get past the smell of flowers.  I will not buy it again
it did not have enough citric acid i wanted my tongue to due but i felt like eating a warhead
They taste great.  But there are so few in the bag it is ridiculous!
The seal was leaking oil so the box had oil stains on it.
A favorite of my husband's, however it arrived with many broken pieces. Very disappointed!
Several without wrapper
Most of the candy was broken.
from the bundle of 10  2 0f it came without  roots
Arrived ripped and leaking out of box
This is OK, but the bottle is very small and it is pretty expensive for the quantity.
The dispenser gets stuck inside the cap.
were not that soft
Not what I expected.
I will not purchase again, I will will continue to purchase the grape and mango regular flavor.
The bag of salt had been slit across the mid-section. There was salt all over the place.
Just an average cup of coffee.  Not bad, but not great.
Careful when you order these. Ours melted before we got them
Box was delivered yesterday, but several items in the box were expired or out of date.
No difference between this and regular grocery store Foldgers...
one of the bags were opened.
it had a strange texture
Haven,t noticed any improvement,  still have them hanging all over my mobile home,
Ours arrived completely destroyed.
This was too bitter for me when drinking it black. Okay with cream and sweetner.
I bought this for my kids snack and it was not the type of package I thought it was!
All of this in a shoe box. The picture is quite deceptive.
Not much flavor and did not care for the consistency.
Presentation not what I expected - arrived in a plastic bag
Kind of expensive for all you get but I like it on my shortbread cookies.
Too soft--like a harder oatmeal cookie
If you do not have actual onions this worked in a pinch if liquid was added into your cooking!
The flavor  is spot on gold star chili.
It was not sweet enough
Going back to traditional French's crispy onion rings for taste and value
Product is wonderful but $32cost is outrageous.  It might cost $5 to 10 to make
These are not that tasty. I am still figuring what to use them for. Maybe salads. I DO NOT KNOW
Prefer Mt. Olive.
Packages are so tiny.  It is like maybe 5 peices in the bag.
I ATE IT BUT NO THAT GOOD CHICKEN WAS RUBBERY AND THE WHOLE THING WAS NOT VERY GOOD TASTEING.
They were not what I expected, too dry and too big.
This product seems stale.Chewier than any I have ever had.  I buy  Jelly belly beans monthly.
Will be buying locally. Online prices are too high
Not too spicy and the bottles were not too big.
What you pay for and these were cheap. I was just too lazy to go to the store. Shame on me.
Flavor not as robust as hoped.  Not as crunchy as hoped.
But really this is not worth the hype
Paid $29.99 for bag. Two days later went to $26.80. No partial refund.
Product over priced for size and quality
The product is nonreturnable...I need to stick to buying all Prime products.
Pretty dry even with sauce
A little too sweet and salty
Mostly banana, not a good variety
Tried loving it but tasted weird
Too many of the chicken ones not enough teriyaki ones
I DO NOT LIKE THE SHORT SHELF TIME.  I EXPECTED THEM TO BE FRESHER THAN THAT.
They are alright.  I was hoping for a stronger flavor.
The candy does not have as developed a flavor as does Altoid Cinnamon Mints.
These come in two pieces. The flags do not stick well to the sticks
Basically a warhead
Not bad for a low carb product, through a bit pricy. 75% of the crackers were broken.
Much drier and less creamy than what we had in Italy.
Candy was all melted together
Takes a lot to mix and get the clumps out.
Love the product. Sent me the wrong flavor
it is OK gluten-Free is hard to find. So different from our gluten we are use to.
It was pretty good but very expensive
It was a bit chalky.
Good for cooking, not for casual eating
Does not taste anywhere near San Francisco sour dough.
These are very crisp but have an odd taste which lingers.
Not the taste I prefer.
Was deceiving, thought was getting 3 24 ounce jars. Got 3 8 ounce jars totaling 24 ounces
Has an aftertaste
A lot of sugar...
I only got 10.... ordered the 12 pack.
I did not like the after taste
To muchie for yellow been  soup.
Sometimes slices are smaller or not cut right...black crumbs underneath loaf
Image shows 2, but this product is only for 1 pack. So be cautious when ordering!
The basket looks nothing like the picture.
"Was hoping for an ""angel hair"" type pasta, which this is not.  My mistake."
Good but too expensive!
The coffees in the selection did t meet my taste.
Tough. Discolored a bit and tasted old. This was from the La Cienega Fresh in Los Angeles
Very tasty but shockingly small bags for the price.
Too gummy and not enough berry flavor
Garlic should be grown in the US.
Busted cap leaked , one of two unusable. No returns, buyer be Ware
Some candies were crushed and some bags had no candy.
Will melt on whipped cream icing. For fondant type cakes.
The cookie cutters are cool. The cookie mix stinks ! Glad I tried it before giving it away!
This candy is all sugars so if your diabetic forget about it. It not for you.
Was melted when it arrived but still usable.
good taste but expensive
It has a nice flavor. But lacks spice.  Maybe I picked a wrong item for spice?
It was not what I expected
I'ts... normal. I did not liked it at all.
Has a strange after taste but is tolerable for an occasional meal replacement.
They have a strange aftertaste. Would not order again
I was supposed to get 4 flavors but only got 2 flavors. 2 of each cherry and blueberry.
Not the blue cheese flavor bI was hoping for.
This product was not what it advertised it advertised as being Hauless and it is not Haulesss.
I received 50 pieces, but they were not the same as what was listed.
This was OK, not great coffee. I will use it but will not buy it again.
Did not really care for the taste - but it is a preference. Arrived fresh and well packaged.
Package was loosely sealed. I am keeping but cautious.
Not really happy with the texture..... But love getting the protein...
We did not care for the flavor....
Most were broken, which makes it hard when you are giving them to children for s'mores.
Much too sweet and product arrived with lid broken
I have adjusted the amount used but I do not care for it
It was melted when I got it.
Need to cut back on the salt
Very faint honey taste, overshadowed with more salt.  Will not order again
It does not come in a jar as the pictures shows. It is in a packet with a picture of a jar. Lmfao
I did not like the taste of this chestnut puree, my recipe did not turn out the way I expected.
They are ok-ish. A bit salty and texture is a bit wanting too
Still have it it is a mood thing
it was filling ....just not my taste
A lot of the sprinkles were smashed. There was a lot in the bag so I still used what I could.
Small box. Small chocolates. But enjoyed the chocolate.
They do not taste like the flavors they are named behind.  They are fun to play with though.
Does not taste the same
Not the same taste as originial
The candy was hard so must not have been fresh.
I have had better and I have had worse. This scored in the middle.
Has a bit of a smoky taste.  Not really what I have tasted with Dragonwell tea
They were the very small jars of the jam. I wanted the large jars.
Simple card stock type of decorations but worked well when I added extra items to the cake
Melted by the time it got to my home
Would order again
Greasy, not like regular coconut oil. I did not realize it was refined.
Too many small pieces. A few pieces were tuff and not as fresh.
Helps with family cravings!
This brand of tea is much stronger than other Irish teas I have tried
The texture is not for me
Not as good as chicken liver pate.
Manufactured in same facility as allergens
Flavor was good but very seedy and the seeds though small are very hard!
I did not want edible shot glasses
The candy is yummy, but took nearly two weeks to arrive.
I do not like the berry flavor
THERE IS A LOT OF STUFF IN HERE WHICH i DO NOT LIKE.
These did not taste anything like cotton candy.
Coffee its not poor coffee  not test like  poor coffee , Blend Coffee
If you really like the filling then these are for you,  I thought I would but it is a little much.
Almost all of them came busted up.
If you like Rooibos, chances are you will like this.
Will not buy again--most pieces tasted to me like all outer areas of the baklava were made of straw.
It tasted different than I remembered, maybe a little tart.
These do not work in the Keurig 2.0 machine.
Our least favorite Snapz--really like freeze dried raisins.
When ship package damaged. But since we bought for ourself we did not return.
How come this has no calories?!
The flavor tastes like flat black cherry soda but does give decent energy boost
Not real find of the flavor.
Does not taste like the can version at all..
The item arrived on time .. however, there were signs that it had melted.
Do Not like the taste
Meh was not impressed. Overly sweet and not much of yogurt can be recognized
This salad was okay but the lettuce was tough; not much flavor.
Not fresh, very tart as result, packaging did not promote freshness
Decent taste, expires too soon. I Do Not Know who can use this within a few weeks.
Awesome little squeeze bottle, taste was a disappointment regardless of quantity
They  Were Not Fresh And Not Enough Sea Salt.
I wish you offered Salted Caramel Biscotti.
I like Danish cookies when they are crunchy. They feel as it they were exposed to moisture.
Total waste of money for me. I wanted to love it but maybe I just do not know how to use it.
Lots of banana chips fill the bags.
It is an alright coffee, just not my cup of coffee.
On the pro side the noodles are in abundance. Con the taste is lacking.
hard to get the shapes out but still super yummy. OH!
They were crushed Upon arrival
Exspected bigger not worth the money
A little disappointed.  Not as good as I thought they would be.
I had spillage...suggest tightening the jar.
Good stuff. Too expensive
Not a fan.  Barely had tajin on the rings.  Peach rings are my go to but had to try the mango.
Too expensive for the quality. There are other beans that are significantly cheaper.
Broke when I was talking out it is package! *tear* really pretty but weak.
Much smaller than I thought it would be.
Good product but several bottles broken
Did not realize how tiny the jar was for the price.
not as tasty as expected
Love these things great coffee to bad they are so expensive
Love the candy but my last bag the candies was really sticky and really hard to open.
I ordered this as a gift for Easter it came in a flat box not a basket as shown.
Had to use extra bag
Too much sauce and not enough meat. It says 2X the meat. Puh.
This chocolate is different from their milk chocolate, has a bit of a zing to it !
Some were stuck to the wrappers and was hard to get the wrapper off not bad though
They are not the same as Ladosa piquillo peppers from Spain
Product is fine. Delivery stinks
As a staple for morning breakfast. No flavor
Expire too soon compared to chocolates that I buy at the market.
Ordered two twelve packs (one case), received a box of loose cans.
The crust part was soggy ruining the entire thing for me
Purchased for gopher control- did not work
One tube was leaking and I want a refund for it.
Ditto John Webster, this is NOT the same coffee repackaged. This is bait & switch.
Expired like a month or two after ordering
4 of the 20 packs were torn
Flavor good...but really thick...even after you stir it. Really small jar for the price.
K Cup compatibility not as expected. Some take several times to work.
some capsules does not fit well with my generic nespresso machine
Taste like old beans re produced
3 stars because only 9 packs shown up instead of the advertised 10 packs.
Love feta, but this is expensive.
I love the smell but it has no flavor. But I mean what can you expect from juice on Amazon 
Do not care for the soft taste
Package was slit at bottom and product falling out
Did Not really taste like either lentils or pasta.
Melt easily...kids did not care for them
Too spicy and salty for me.
Do not like the taste, will not buy again
I do not like it as they use the plastic bottle to hold the Vinegar.
In my estimation  the taste was not what I expected .
Missing the old quality and flavor
I only liked 2 of the flavors and of course those have the least amount in the box.
Recommend by family member.
not strong enough so I am using twice as much as advertised to get the desired strength and flavor.
Compared to what I got in Korea, a poor substitute.  But better than Ramon noodles.
Dries out faster than my preferred brand
I noticed that some of the bottles were half full. Pay attention when you purchase them.
This coffee lacked depth of favor.
Well they were a bit crushed ..most of them anyway.
Love the Bolos but $4 shipping per package is crazy. It nearly doubles the cost per pack.
This does not come in a snack box. The box is the shipping box.
Some of them in the box were broken open but other than that the coffee was great
These were somewhat dry.
Did not care for the taste.
Was hoping to store this for emergencies but expiration date is this year.
Eat the same day you but then. They dry out and get a strange texture
Should get a refund for having a damaged open package that was just covered over
I have not found the one that suits my taste
Gritty flat. Made decent waffles but not pancakes.
Had to wait a long time.
Instructions were in Korean and final product was not to my liking
Ordered this item because it was offered 2 for 1. Only received 1.
No chopsticks were included.
Hit and miss with expiration dates!
The chocolate was edible but obviously old.
Chocolate had waxy white film ...gross
Just writing a review to get it off the screen. Pardon my OCD.
I just do not like it as much as the other Wellness stew dog food can products.
Arrived well shaken-ed up and container was cracked.
I did not like this coffee after trying the 2nd cup. And the box is already open
Was not very flavorful, cups were flimsy & did not always puncture correctly. Would not purchase again
These seem to be less and less fresh with fewer and fewer raisins.
It was yelloish I will not eat them
NOT a pack of 4 as advertised. This is a single 2.2oz pack
Packed is not moist it was dry
The taste is ok but not great
Love the crackers but, 2 boxes were broken due to the damaged box.
Cheaper at local grocery store..too big for smores.
"These taste ""okay"", but ridiculously expensive.  I would not buy again."
Use manly as a skin lotion. Smells like burnt coconut. Does the job
After the fact I was informed that pinto beans will work just as well.
Have not tasted yet but beware this in an itty bitty package of coffee
Ordered 2 3 packs of 9 sticks but only received 2 individual packs and was Charged for six.
Do not buy these capsules for your nespresso machine they do not work well with it.
Overpriced. Did not like the flavor
Product was find. Delivery time was not satisfactory.
Very small and really full of cinnamon.
These were ok, was not  impressed with this product.
The item was suppose to be a pack of 6, I only received 1 pack. When will I get the other 5?
Minimal fruit and nuts.
too long to remember
I like the creaminess but it has no flavor. Not nearly as tasty as Fairlife.
They are not what I expected
I am not sure what I expected, but many things except the candy looked smashed or old.
Too hard and bland. I will stick to my Texas Toast croutons. Good price though.
Not thick like a regular chai.  Must use less water
I like that it was natural and made from oat but it was overwhelmingly dry.
Mine were kind of stale
One of the containers was crushed and salt leaking out.  Unacceptable.
2 out of 3 survived
Pretty underwhelming... the meat is minced and fatty and flavor is subpar.
These cookies are not very tasty, will not buy these again.
will leave an updated review after i use this.
Came completely smashed and in crumbs
Not a lot of flavor in this rice, had to add cilantro to give it a boost.
Too sticky to teeth
Leaked every where No way to get replacement
I do not recommend white chocolate syrup. Does not resemble the flavor.
Only 45 pieces inside the box
not good not bad just what you think what you can say.
I use this when camping as a snack.
Definitely an acquired taste...I am trying to get used to it due to the benefits it supposedly has.
They were all melted and out of place
They are ok, there was not anything wrong with them. I think I just prefer Macadamia nuts.
These really do not taste like the ones I remember from my childhood.
did receive what I ordered
All four bottles arrived leaking sauce from the tops.
I am not really sure this is even olive oil, it tastes like old canola oil.
Someone greasy, but definitely not a buttery French croissant taste
Too sweet. I have many yogi teas, this is the first I have been disappointed with
Ughh just go to Walmart or something because the fruit snacks tasted so old omg..
Flavor was milder than expected
The product looked really dark and did not taste fresh.
Nice dark color and decent aroma.  As it cools it seems to get a bit bitter and loses flavor.
I ordered 92% chocolate bars and they shipped me 80%.  Otherwise, I like their quality.
Had to use double the amount to get the expected flavor.
Dislike the price ordered for self will not order again the price is a rip off
Overpriced for what you get..
When I opened one of the packages there were only three cookies in the package.
Great taste but very small bag for the price. I would not buy again just because it is too expensive.
stuck to package
It is tasty, but do not spill it on yourself!  My fingers were yellow for two days.
The grains are all in the bottom of your coffee cup.
The flavor was pretty good but the packaging was horrible. They arrived squished. 
These are tiny. Not the size you would get at REI.
These were old and hard was hoping for the soft circus peanuts I remember 
Just does not do the trick like the amazon or 5 hr energy do
Poorly packaged and not a cookie was whole. If you are looking for lots of crumbs, go for it.
My only complaint is that It is too sweet , literally way too sweet.
Did not taste like chow chow.
These do not have chemicals but they also do not have nutrition.
Not a lot of raspberry taste.
It are not about the flavor,  it is about the buzz
I used it only in sparkling wine. Needed quire a lot to have food color
I did not like the flavor at all...sorry
Not much on flavor, actually no flavor
Had chunks of dirt embedded within the stalks.
The flavor is just not there for me
not solid...very light...does not grind as well as solid peppercorns
Good base product. We add more spices and local sourced sweetener.
Yummy! But not very sour, say my kids
There is no favor to the product. No salt added, just herbs. Something to get use to.
If you got a date, and you wish to leave a lasting impression. Drink two of these for lunch.
It is not worth the cost that I paid. Will just purchase from the store next time.
Only 14 in the box!
No idea if the stuff works or not
A value with limited taste appeal!  Not recommended for coffee lovers.
these pretzel sticks are way too hard to enjoy - will not buy again.
Very watery. Not a lot of actual food.
Was pretty dry and think
Not quite what we were looking for but if you like Horseradish, then this is your sauce.
This has an after taste. Do not like it plus it was peach not a fan of peach.
No flavor in this butter flavor oil
I somehow finished this in two days. It felt like an achievement.
I do not know how it is going, bought as a gift
Tastes like crunchy marshmallows. No real vanilla flavor.
Does not taste the same as wrapped version. Different texture also
Lack of flavor throughout. Only had some citrus at the very center.
Crushed when received
beautiful, but taste disgusting, so use sparingly.
received today 9/15 22 expired july 2022. total ripoff
Did not seem very fresh.  Poor color
Did not care for taste. Not horrible but not good!
Last a long time but the flavor is missing
tasted like I was drinking a bottle of syrup
Great product. Terrible price!
I did not like the flavor. Did not have a robust flavor.
Not nearly as flavorful as the real deal; I had to add seasoning.
The chip was dry, flavorless, and not hot enough.
Taste like it may have been made with plastic.
I order this tree cuz i liked the pot an gravel. I did not  get ether ugly black put an dirt
This is a collectable item we purchased, box arrived damaged.
I wanted and expected real normal sasusages
This bag was not vacuum sealed. Lost freshness
The taste is not the same as when I was growing up.
these were not for  me so I  really do not know much about them.
I thought it would have cream and sugar in it, my fault, did not read correctly
Big fan of chipotles, but this does not deliver the smoky flavor I expected... it just adds heat.
"Bordeaux style cocktail cherries. From the ""Cherry Republic"" is a plus, but no stems."
Lemons were lemons, but could have picked out fresher ones.
I like a lot of sauce so I added some.  Was enough for 2 lunches
Good but expensive.
They. Are not kidding about the salt. Overwhelmed the chocolate
Not enough meat!
Came on time but price is a little high compared to just going to the store and purchasing
This product had too much protein in it for my macros. Flavor was OK texture was not great.
Some are bitter but the good ones outweigh the bad ones not a bad taste overall
This product has a overpowering coconut taste no matter what you mix it with. Not a fan.
Need to change description. Says 12ct and 24oz. Its a lie. There Is only 6 and 13oz. Do Not be fooled.
"Came in two pkgs.  One had all ""spoons"" broken. good flavor, not giftable.  Other pkg intact."
If you are needing 6 of each, do not count on it. I got the 48 they say, but it is not even.
3 Twix in the entire bag.
Had not ever tried banana chips. OK but not great.
Flavor was good, it just did not have enough heat for me. I dipped my crunchy chicken pieces in it.
Not what I was hoping for
The bag looks half empty and there is no vacuum in the bag. There is a valve but no vacuum.
They are really good but my stomach cannot to late them. After just one my tummy is not happy.
Probably will not purchase again
Chocolates are so tiny, not worth the price.
All melted when it arrived.
Tastes nothing like at Starbucks, very watered down.
I only gave this 3 stars b/c it def. tastes like manzanilla however the anis was lacking.
Some flavors are ok but others taste really bad.  I do not recommend this product
Different from the one in the restaurant  it also clumps up
Has aftertaste to it.
It tastes very dusty, and not very minty or sweet.
It is not Boars Head.
Plastic Rings.  They will work.
Arrived a little worse for the wear but okay for keeping a stash for back to school
A little too sweet
They arrived all crushed.
It tastes alright, but a little more bland than other brands I have tasted.  Creamy and smooth.
It was okay, different taste than the usual Kraft ketchup
Okay cookie. Expensive for what you get. Not a traditional shortbread.
I did not like the chocolate, it was waxy tasting
They should be 1948 not 1947.  75 years ago was 1948.
Bice proce. But thought it would be stronger flavor
I found the tortillas to be tough and dry.  Otherwise, it had good flavor.
Love the size of the container and how much product is in it. The marshmallows came already stale.
I did not like them for their prices and test
Every one was crushed  will not buy again
Was suppose to be 18 ct but only received 11ct in the box that says 18 1oz packages...rip off
Not all it is made up to be  flavorless
These clams are tasty but the cans I received are only half full. Poor value.
These seemed old... not fresh like I typically get in the store. Will not be buying again
Might be nutritious but you need to add to an already made cup of coffee to produce coffee flavor.
Will buy again...thank you.
It tastes like barbecue sauce
Too spicy. And we like spice.
A lot of the mi yes we are melted.
Big box, big wrapper, little product!
I do not like to eat it, even though I know it is benefit for body.
Arrive melted. A couple hours in the freezer fixes that.
Not the blueberry flavor I remember.
All of the leaves of lettuce were a yellow color instead of green like lettuce should be.
Like, had a bit of a dry cardboard taste
These are tangy, but have absolutely no peach flavor.  None, whatsoever.  Will not be ordering again
Usually they are soft. This time they must be old.
The enclosed candy bars are minis. Do not waste your money.
It all adds up the same but I do not care for the bait and switch.
"Does not beat ""PLUGRAS"" made in the US.  Will not buy it again"
Nice taste, but small portions and expensive
the taste was eh
Meh.......Nothing special.....tastes like Worcestershire sauce -
Exactly the taste as Eco Bee Farms Raw Honey.  Eco Honey is cheaper at Iherb.
Cut about the size of 1 breast in fat
Was not smooth as French Roasts should be nor did it have the robust flavor it should
Gimmicky and a bit strange, but not bad.
I did not love these. The mint flavor was too strong and almost no butter flavor.
I made them part of my wedding favors for my guest.
I could had got a bigger bottle in the store for that price
Looks like it was an old product , it was late to return
Fresh coffee, just not a strong coconut flavor.
Tasted dry roasted. A lot of empty shells in bag
do not like it that much I mean maybe it is only me because my sister love it.
Great flavor, but a bit disappointing. Very little orange peel.
There were only 24 flowers, not 30
Loses 2 stars because it came in a cheap clear plastic bag and not the box as shown.
The jam had candied and was not spreadable 
Candy in the larger box looked nice, but was stale and hard to chew
Lid came broken, thankfully the seal was still intact so syrup is fine.
Taste like pork rinds with fish flavor
In the photo, you can see the condition they arrived in. I think the picture speaks for itself.
Not much taste. But works pretty well for leg cramps
Took awhile to get used to, definitely had a strange aftertaste. Will not be repurchasing.
The scent of Cocoa butter is not present
Too salty so you loose the seaweed flavor.
Not applicable for me. I placed them in a gift basket for a cancer patient.
Grains never developed.
It is strawberryish, and it kind of tastes weird.
I like spicy  but this was not spicy at all.  I was searching for the jalapeo flavor.
The label of the product I ordered is not the same showed on line
A little too sweet for my family
The quality of the asparagus is low.  I believe it was harvested long before it is time!
There is not much flavor.  I cannot really tell the difference between this and regular salt.
Misleading listing. You ONLY receive 1 pack of 10.
Did not have expected flavor.
The chocolate on these pocky was all spotted - gross.
These came broken bottom of jars. I would love a replacement
I do not like the taste.
Giving me heartburn
Deli meat was tasty. The top does is thin plastic instead of a container lid.
After cooking it lumps up.
Box came all beat up . I do not have a picture .
Smaller, different bottle shipped.
Lots of capsules were dented.
Too much oil wss applied. Very greasy and blend. Other gims are recommended.
I was not blown a way with this but I am planning in giving it another try and see.
While I appreciate the product, I just do not like the taste :-/ I really wanted to!
Hope this batch is better then the first box,towards the last few bags the popcorn was stale.
I mistakenly thought it was more than one, will not make that expensive mistake again
Good quality but expensive
It arrive and the top was broken open
Too salty. I hope they make another one with low sodium
I hope this tea has some benefits because it has zero taste.
I way overpaid for this item.  My mistake.
Has an aftertaste that takes getting used to.
No English instructions on how to make
It  tasted bitter to me
I had to add Stevia to make it palletable.
rods were all broken into one or more pieces
Flavor is great but was more crumbles rather than clusters. Little disappointed
A can leaked all over and i cannot figure out a way to get it replaced
My objection is that the bottle expires 1 month from purchase
it tastes like nothing, its made of nothing, its like eating nothing
Dill overpowered
The tea was much weaker than I expected & what I usually drink.
Sugar every where on all the items... in the house and on the front porch.
This honey tastes like the air in LA. Not recommended.
ordered it for my daughter
Do Not be stingy with it.
My bottle of white chocolate arrived today and the wrapper is on upside down.
I did not like the flavor; might be something that someone else loves.
Do not like the flavored coffees. Some of the regular coffee was too weak,very little taste.
Tastes like regular fruit snacks. Not like the gum
Bags are hard to open and the string for the tag is very short. Makes no sense .
You get what you pay for, and I will buy this again.
Most came broken
The flavor was not my choice.
Not the same taste from childhood. Barely any flavor at all.
First taste is not good then once you get past that you are prepared for just OK
These do not thread onto 750ml Monin bottles. Pump still works. Fits my Torani.
Too expensive for the product.  Love it but it is way too much.  I get it much cheaper at Costco.
Not a fan of the wheat crackers.
this honey is like sugar filled and different of other raw honeys a have bought brfore.
could be stronger on the bergamont
It is a little bit different than before but it is not a big deal.
Holes in pouches. Juice leaked in my fridge
Handy and tastey but I am not happy with the Carrageenan,
For $18, there should be a hint of flavor.  Tastes like coffee.
Still does not taste enough like wheat pasta. It is grainy, for one. Way too grainy.
There is no ginger in this, just ginger flavor.
Did not like this not buttery tasting at all
Dosen't taist like it should.
There was a bitter aftertaste.
Basically the title. Was dissapointed.
Good product, a bit sweeter than I expected. But too expensive
Some of the pop tarts were smashed when they arrived.
coffee was good, but it will not work with my new 2.0 keurig,was disappointed
Too spicy for my husband who LOVES spicy food.
It show some candy that was not in the plf
The bread was vey dense, not much flavor. Had to throw it out.
I would give 5. But I cannot buy because it is always sold out.
Tea is exellent but expensive. You can buy exactly the same tea at the store $3 cheaper!
Price on all food items is an issue in the Pantry. Hopef\ully t5his will be changed.
It is just cereal what the hell can I say?
Loved in past. Makes me afraid to eat them
Does not have a strong peppermint taste like Dunkin..very faint.
half of the packs were solid so could not be used
They changed the flavor to RC cola when it was a fruit punch
Tastefull and fresh but quite small
Too oily and overcooked vegetable
tased dated like they had expired
About 6 pods were faulty spilling all
It tastes okay.  Not great, but it will pass when I am trying to avoid sugar and alcohol.
Really just wanted the green chili stew
Nothing special to justify the expensive pricing.
Tasty but you have to stir it. That was not in the product description, and I am not a fan.
Came open. Other than that tasted just fine
It is to spicy and sting tasting for me
I can only taste the nutmeg.
Not as good as marzipan advent calendar. Disappointed.
Way too sugary for my taste. I bought this when I could not find my usual quick oats.
Purchased 2 boxes: received two bags. Many broken cookies.
Sorry ! But I Have Had Much Better Than These ! 
Do not get fooled by the easy-to-use look of this product.
If the price would be in a $5-$6 range it would have 5 star review . Def overpriced product
Too hard to get. High price.
Too sweet and too expensive.
The coffee flavor was pretty weak.
IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER-IN-LAW
I would describe it as blah. Nothing too tasty.
Was much smaller than we expected.
Tasted like apple flavored crackers, kids did not want them
Congee is not for me
Not that Sour Patchy. It really is not that much different than the regular fruity Stride gum.
Very creamy, but taste like waterd down peanut butter. Worth an extra dollar to buy name brand.
The taste was fine. It is just too expensive for me.
Was very dry, must have been old.
Flavor and packaging have changed, definitely not the same flavor.
Was open when got it
Each of the four packages contained 18 tea bags instead of the 25 tea bags advertised.
Leaves a strange aftertaste and coating in mouth
Only had ten rings .
The gummy was bland and the flavor juice was not enough to help in my opinion.
It is not bad just not worth the hype
Strains milk well but a lot smaller than what I thought I was getting.
It was not what  I remember as a kid, Not much flavor.
It helped my heart burn but barely tasted like coffee.  Will not buy again.
Ok,  I like the regular pesto better;  I was not too crazy about it
sweet and a little spicy.  it definitely is not homemade.
size of nut is smaller than nuts sourced from California..
Kind Of expensive for the amount you get
When I ordered the cheese, I thought I was getting two blocks.  Instead received shredded.
Kind Of bland.  I will add a little pepper and sage the next time I have it with biscuits.
The taste is ok. A bit weak. It contains caffeine which I was not expecting and did not want.
I thought they were ok, wife said the taste was a little off, stale.
I bought it as a gift. I expected it to be bigger
Was not expecting it to be processed meat. But I did like the BBQ Wild Boar & Hickory Smoked Ostrich
Eh... not very much pumpkin spice flavor
The pods do not work with the kurieg 2.0
VERY WATERY COMPARED TO OTHER BRANDS
Most of the pods were very messy in my Keurig and only gave me half a cup of coffee.
Does not taste like coconut cream pie at all !
tastes like water. different from my in store purchase.
I love Ooey Gooey products. These are on sale because they are STALE. Steer clear of these...
I prefer the whole, rolled, actually; my chicken seems to like it though ;)
Not the same flavor as my previous purchase, center tastes a bit like licorice
My family did not like the flavor
Did not come with brine bag as listed.
Wife us Japanese, was not satisified
my tin was dented
It was not what I expected but that is totally my fault and my poor memory. They are fine.
The foil is really hard to remove in a clean fashion.
I did not like how expensive these were for the small amount. The flavors were nice
it is corn starch. It does what corn starch does.
I do not know who is fault is but every box l get is beat up and lots of the sugar cubes are dust
The entire package was damaged with all the cans dented.
They are cute but about half had a arm broken off.
Title says it all!
Too many hard kernels. Almost broke a tooth. A little too sweet.
I tried a few and I prefer the taste of Cliff and Special K over these.
Message  read the labels  f***
The flavors of minimal
You cannot use it for rolling sushi because the integrity is compromised.
Some of it was leaking when it arrived
Disappointed in the size. Good for a snack or maybe a child.
Loved the tin but gum seemed stale. But it was not un-edible
A little bit larger than what I am used to but flavor is spot on
Does not taste like pickle at all. Vaguely reminiscent of green tea. The tin is cute.
Price was good but the product is only average. weak taste.
Changed flavors, not a fan of mint mocha
No flavor at all will not purchase again
All three cans were dented I work for a grocery store and we would never sell dented cans.
A little pricey for what you get. I am going to source it from an Asian market.
Tasty, but why put corn syrup in it?
This oil smells ok but it does not last very long Really do not care for it
Barely any pieces of mango in it. Sweetness is the ruling flavor not mango. Did not like it.
i am kind of annoyed this package came completely rotten
What is sent out is not dark roast.  It is medium roast
This vinegar is not thick enough and settles to the bottom of whatever you pour it on.
Spread over peanut butter. Somewhat soupy
Great taste. Little too thinly cut.
We did not find that the flavor was as Bold like other dark roast coffees we have used.
Not Keto, read ingredients, contain wheat & soy.
Product was very good but far too expensive!!
Not favorable taste each one was somewhat the same
It was not what my husband was looking for in buckwheat pancake mix.
The peas seemed a little dried out but tasted ok.
Good nuts, but expensive.
Discovered that I am not a fan of jam...
I thought it was different texture
Good quality, but expensive
I would not purchase it again.
Very light coffee, the flavor is very faint.
This is the REAL pork skin I must say. Just I am not the fun of the flavor I am sorry....
Switched to reg coffee msker
This product is way more expensive than when Sam's was selling it.
Too salty and not much beef flavor
These are much smaller than I expected.
Description said that I would be getting 2 bags of flour, but I only received 1.
Still in the can.
Not enough pickle flavor for me.
"Not the ""crunch"" of Luxurious."
Package was damaged (sliced), but not the shipping box.
Very bland sticks to the pan, does not fluff up thick like fresh cut up.
This product does not live up to the Oatly product brand
Not much flavor or heat. Had to use A LOT in our salsa. Will try another brand next time.
I am left with half a bag of brittle with no peanuts.
Not impressed with the flavor at all. I like my McCormicks more than this one
Tastes okay, but definitely weak in flavor
Stick fell off.  Looks larger than what it actually is.
Too watery, not enough corn truffle flavor
Used to take the shots but gave this a go. Not a fan of the flavor. Will go back to the shots.
I do not like bec it is not organic and non-GMO fed cows milk made into cheese!
Little less sweet
Do not see any difference from Hellmans...
I like the flavor, but buckle in for your express trip to fart-city.
Drinks only have a few months to drink. Go to store if you want more time to drink
Liked the flavor but too expensive to buy regularly
Lots of cinnamon, some nutmeg and clove, minimal cardamon flavor.
Kids loved them but a little stale.
Definitely do not taste the mint with a few drops in my coffee.
these may be getting old, the banana flavor was non-existent and the candy was slightly chewy.
Tiny tiny tiny bottle...
The product is not what I expected
It has come both times with the lids popped off & the containers coated in cocoa.
I will not order it again.
Stick to a domestic brand. Cheaper and tastier
not the taste I had hoped for
This was smaller than I thought it would be.
I like tea so what can I say
If your allergic to MESSAGE, pass on this one
Bought two, one the seal was broke and a mess everywhere.  Will try the second out tomorrow!
totally smashed bottle.
Love this juice but hate the high price 
Took way to long to be delivered, and the taste was not what I know as remoulade.
They were to big and I wanted to exchange them but I could not do that according to your rules.
One of  the roses had a broken stem in the middle and the rose died after one day
not recommended.
Did not get the suta flavor. Was too spicy
Neither my husband nor I cared for these; they were very dry.  We gave away one box.
Eh, it was a different taste, and experimentation will continue, but i expect it to last a while.
Far overpriced from grocery mart
It is an onion why am I writing a review?
It is high protein that is the only thing I like about it.
Not much flavor and lots of sugar.
The buttery taste
They were hard and not fresh. Tasted good though.
I purchased this product and only got one box, and it says you get a pack of 4
Did not like the taste but that is just me. Price is a little high!!!
Not the same as getting from the shop.
Took quite a while to get here. Product was very dry, not like the ones from the local store.
They tasted like carrots...
I did not like the taste of this water and neither did my family, maybe it was the plastic bottles?
Not creamy at all.
Does not even taste like grapefruit. I cannot explain what it taste like. Will not buy again.
I used this for Easter treat bags
So 12 of the 30 are airbrushing colors. Not what I ordered
Bit too salty for my needs, but tasty.
There is only about one strawberry per box. I will think I will go back to special K red berries.
Too much sherbert and too hard and chewy,
thought it was a type of instant drink but it has to be brewed
I do not know the taste is kind of weird do not think I would buy again.
Said local. It is not. It ships  local maybe but from Brazil
I personally did not like the flavor.
Alot of coffee with added flavor. I do not like that
Expected medicinal
Paid a lot for nothing
A bit different than those sold in stores
Not enough of product for the price.
I do not like the taste at all.  Not the same as what I know is real Soursop.
The cookies tasted ok...I was surprised by how small the cookies were
Nothing special at all.. and not red and green. appears to be generic bulk taffy, and a bit stale.
Lots of flavors are bitter.
I received this item 5 months ago.  Is that what you are asking about?
Yummy, overpriced, overhyped..
Too expensive for the tiny bit of product you get. However, it is very tasty.
I love these from the store but this whole order was stale. Nobody would eat them.
Liked it but when I got it was broken so I did not use it.
There is no flavor no salt or any spicy . The taste is like water  absolutely taste less .
I received 2 cans that were dented  and I will have to open them and put them in another container.
They taste good, but not very good for breath mints.  The taste only last for a short time.
Bought as slivered/sliced, bust arrived crushed.
Didn`t like but its a matter of taste.
Way over priced. Will not do this again
They were over done. Almost a burnt taste. Will not buy again.
it is a great low carb small snack. very expensive for what you get.
It has Dextrose which is glucose and glucose is a simple sugar, so this contains sugar!!!
I love this product however you sent the wrong noodle I ordered the elbows not rotini.
I was expecting it to taste really good so I was disappointed
Tasty but could do w/o the lard as an ingredient.
These are not fresh, leftover from Easter I guess -- and they were very pricey.
I really do not like the aftertaste.
It taste alright
exactly as I expected
Bottle came smashed and damaged
already opened!!
Salt is hardened in container and has to be banged on counter to break up
These tend to not ripen well. I am going to change to a different product
Not what I was expecting
It says it make bowls, but just so you know it comes in packages.  I was fooled by the description.
Arrived looking like a bag of mashed potatos.
These should be $1-1.50.
It is ok, but a small bottle for that much is not worth it.
Did not really taste like Farmer's Brothers decaf as found in Hotels/Motels.
The bag came to me full of air. They were supposed to be vacuum sealed. They were not very fresh.
These were for my granddaughter. They were all melted and stuck together.
Not a good price, too expensive and yet item is great and yummy.
Be prepared to cook meat on the side to add to your can of chili soup.
Not fresh potatoes. Had to throw out several.
Many broken chips in all packages. Lots of small pieces.
The quality and freshness is inconsistent.
Thin and watery, no matter how much powder I added. Did not like the flavor either.
These are ok. Not bad, just not my favorite. It gets a little sickening about half way through.
Shipped to CT. As a pecan pie,unfortunately
The glued on stuck did not stY attached
Some of the nuts did not taste as fresh as others. A bit stale
Be careful when using these on white icing or frosting. The color bleeds!
I bought this product before and got all : boxes this time I only got 1 box
bought 4 packs.  Zip broken (attached on one side only) by default for all four.  very disappoint.
Did not like the taste. Will not purchase again.
I really like the idea of this type of gum, but the flavor only last a few minutes.
They could trim some grease for the price...
Taste and flavor was good, however not a good value for such a small size
Good value but a lot of the candy was stuck together and some where unwrapped. Disappointed.
I just received these and they expire 1-23.
A little too sweet for my taste,
Nice bay leaves but leaves are broken
I do not like then to much and probably I never use then no more.
This was quite dry and had too much celery. I had to add a lot of mayo, some pepper and paprika.
Delicious....seriously addictive!
Not was I thought it would be
Cost too much for the size of jars, we can get the same at a nearby orchard for less dollars.
a lot of the individual wrappers were not sealed.
Somewhat overpriced. We kept the product, anyways. Paid for the item thank you Kathy Payne
Taste ok but very very small jars. Not Wirth the money.
Did not make me think of old times
Received my LA Choy soy sauce.  One was punctured with soy sauce all over box and both bottles.
Once again, this product was grossly overpriced!!
That package was a whole lot smaller than I expected
got one that was spilled
Ate Moon Pies as a child. These were not as remembered. Very dry.
It is a smaller bag than I expected
At least 75% peanuts! I will stick to the deluxe mixed nuts from now on.
Several of the tea bags (8 out of 18) were empty or nearly empty in one of the boxes.
It was suppose to be 28 bags of chips, but their were only 26 bags.
After tasting these, I gave them to my grandson.
It just so soThe flavor not What I like
It is not like the picture. Wanted metallic gold
The cheese and butter, not enough flavor.  No taste.
Saw product on cooking show and had to have. Turns out, it is just salt. Meh.
Does not have the same fizz as the 16.9 oz plastic bottles
This is my favorite water. Only down side is it is too expensive.
Wish it had a richer stronger flavor... even though it is decaf.
only half of package is mayo, other half mustard. I wanted only mayo.
Expensive but a good item if money is no object.
Chocolates fell out of slots and fell to bottom of calendar.
Not enough pods for the price. I could Barely taste the flavor
It is what I expected .
Not the flavor I thought it would be
I want just the peel
Flavor was good but stale
Not really much in the can, I was expecting more chicken.
I had a sudden allergy to this product. I am concerned product was not made properly.
Do not waste your money. The windows were difficult to open. Looks cheap.
taste was so so. The powder was clumpy shaking did not solve  the problem
strickly for muscle addicts
Did not change the bitterness of the coffee.
Not too fond of taste.  Not a great price. But was fresh.  Could not acquire the taste
4 of the 6 containers were damaged and two of those four containers were broke open.
some were broken when they got here but overall a good item
Not a very flavorful coffee.
Chocolate all fell out at one time
I did not care for the flavor
Not eaxactly to my taste.
It was way to sweet and too thin.  Not what I remembered at all.
Might be for you. Was not for me.
she would prefer milk chocolate
We have enjoyed this item in the past, however this particular one was not fresh.
Took a long time to hatch and only found one hatchling.
Good and very difficult to find locally.
Lots of flavored coffee included.
The coffee is good,but the cups would not work in my Kuerige 2.0.
Needs to be a bit brighter I feel.
The flowers were terrific when we received them, but they last three days only.
We did not expect the mushy t
Like some other people said, it sure is bitter. Heartburn central. Pretty awful.
Loved the taste but not the viscosity because this is very thin maple syrup.
Average taste , a bit pricey , too much marketing to my liking
Soggy.  Not firm.  Falls apart
Not sure it is pure Kona.  Seems I have had better.  Not really worth the price.
Great tea. Disappointed with packaging.
The patties taste like Burrito filling. If you are looking for a burger flavor look somewhere else.
I think it is a bit pricey for a criket cut out carton paper and two wood sticks.
I bought it to try it. Takes some adjusting to.
Be advised these have pits!
smaller can compared to the cans in stores.
Did not care for taste
Out of the 12 pieces only 5 are still living
Not real fresh, had a old taste to them
The product description is inaccurate. I received one pack instead of 12.
Unfortunately when I order this from Amazon Fresh I get some pretty stringy tough celery
can all dented  returned
18 of 24 bottles are smashed in. I would not have purchased bottles like this in the store.
Good gag gift. Felt it was too expensive for the size
My daughter did not care for the taste
got one pack that was great, this pack was awful bitter, like picked to early.
Taste is thick n salty.  Personal taste.  Got 3 stars because came quickly n nicely packed.
Its ok but not spicy enough for me.  I was somewhat disappointed.
You get a lot for what you pay for; however you have to use a lot to get the color you want.
Purchased to use with olive oil for a bread dip / meh not flavorful
I like this brand but could not taste any lobster at all. I would not buy this flavor again.
Tried this brand out for a different taste on my morning coffee. Did not like this brand as much.
They arrived 4 days earlier than it said it would
the can was damamged  i want a replacement
So So. Not what I expected.
The seeds were tiny and had no flavor.
Nothing to write home about.
Monin syrups are the best around, but the price for these tiny bottles is really outrageous.
Half of the time they arrive very smushed or bruised.
I do not like the taste of this bone broth; therefore, there is not much of a value to me.
I believe the headline says it all.
7 of 12 cans were dented.
Moola will not foam for coffee...
It is big a gritty. I put it in a blender/food processor to break it down. It was fine after that
Taste alright, it was not very fresh though. Roasting wise, it is a little on the dark side
It is really flat and needs spices.
1 or 2 empty packs is OK ,but 7 empty and 2 open packs is not OK
Waiting for another company to come out with a taco seasoning mix.
will not buy again but I will finish the jar
The flavor was kind of weird it tasted nothing like a crab boil sauce supposed to taste like
Not much flavor once baked
Not my cup of tea
Brother loves it
Can has rust spots inside
They where are sticky when they came
Clean taste without the rough edges.  But in the process it has become devoid of any character.
But they did not send me both like its said in the description just one
Used almost whole bottle to get black color.
Was not as creamy as others I have had!!! Thank You
Fun gift but they all taste basically the same, a few were quite nice but some also very stale.
Not for me and I did not notice a change!
They were just alright, like others said this is from norther Ireland (UK) not Dublin.
Does not taste like coffee. If you like tea this is for you.
seemed a bit stale, but still okay
The chocolate covered matzah came crumbled up in the book of our things we ordered.
remove from shipping monthly
Have not felt my anxiety go down. Have pretty severe anxiety though and have for years.
costco muffins might be larger
Ehh they tried! Not bad..but not cheez its either
Listing says pack of 6 but I only received one bottle.
That are crunchy but lacking flavor. Arrived on time.
not properly protected
Love them but they are way too expensive
Just not enough flavor. Also, the texture is too compact.
My kids will not drink it. They are 3 and 10 and are not picky eaters.
The product itself was good but the price was way too expensive.
To be used, in emergencies only.
Not a big fan of this one. Watery and pricey for the quantity. Prefer ancient organic ghee.
I feel the colors could be brighter
Just does not taste how it use to. I Do Not Know if it is me or the coffee.
By timr i got it it was completely melted
Not like original butter mints. Very tough texture. Do not melt in your mouth
Too salty. Would have hoped for it to be a little less overwhelming.
Is not 5 pounds. It is 4 but says 5 pounds
It does not matter wht you do, some of these mushrooms will not become tender.
It does not smell like coffee. It is just a nutritional drink with caffeine.
Rather unnatural flavor.
Not what I expected
Works for the cake. Flimsy. Short term
I was supposed to get 4 bags, I only got 3.
definitely not organic and I guess I do not like roasted.
Boss loves this flavor
Have not ate it yet
Did not care them overall
did not like these, also found cheaper on the Tillamook website
Contains stevia which I cannot tolerate
Most of the little bags were stale
I was given seven figures but I got two J hopes and no V
The expiration date was only two weeks away from when I purchased the chips.
Not that much different from a regular peanut butter cup.
Did not care for the taste or texture.
It is one of those things you have to try you either like it or you do not
I cannot eat the salt.
It tastes good, but it is so very difficult to get it our of the jar.
Love these but the worms were completely melted. Disappointed as they are in one big clump.
Thought I would give these a try, but just a little too much cacoa for me.
did not really notice any different from my costco water. the 3 star was for the price
Not good/tasty by itself.
Not what I expected
It is not very tasty but overall it was was very fun to make
Although I do not use sugar for anything, this product it is flavorless. Did not like it at all.
The taste is good but eating them is a mess. They are really sticky (even when cold).
10 out of 24  cans were dented , 4 cans were throw aways.
Did not have the nestle crunch
they were dry,  and not much flavor.....
Not much flavor, would not buy again.
still not working as I had hoped
Overpriced and melted on 2 separate orders.
This is too thick and sweet, and the syrup cannot be mixing it with water.
Bread was smashed
A little too acidic for my coffee taste. Like the DARK better.
These were very oily compared to the ones I typically buy at the grocery store.
Watch for opened ones
Did not care for the banana flavour at all
It resembles Big Mac sauce, but it is not the same.
Great taste but very expensive through Amazon.
These were Meyer lemons and had a distinct orange bitter flavor.
The only thing that I dislike is it still got fish scales on it
Was not what I thought It was
Tastes great, but very expensive.
Not fresh they were old and wrinkled
Overall, not much of a flavor, spinach or otherwise & very dry, like eating sawdust.
It does not really give you anything. It does not taste well I do not see the benefit in it.
3 stars because cans was dented before placing in box to ship no damage to shipping box
it was expensive for what it is. i thought it would be much more for the price.
Taste is mediocre. Cost is lower than most other okay coffees.
Did not receive complete order yet. Only 1 frosting not 2 as described.
Have to use a plastic bad and rubber band to cover the top because there was no lid.
This plant died a year after purchased.
I wanted the savory ones.
I recieved the oil alr ady opened & it spilled out.... Hoping I can get another one......
Too waxy, not what i was hoping for.
It is ok. I do not really see much of a different but maybe when I am on the second bottle
Not so good but also not so bad. It does not melt very well either.
Item was leaking.
Wish they had been white not clear
Just way overripe and some spoiled.
Just ok. Not much flavor. Value for money mediocre.
Not good flavor, but if you can not get fresh cilantro, could use it.
Some of them melt
This is 5 oz not 12 oz like the description claims
the candy was partially melted when I received it
Taste like eating processed meat in a can
Not much for $16.
Alright flavor, not like the one in theaters.
"I guess I do not like the flavor of ""chicory."""
Whenever I have this I get a horrible upset stomach! But so perfect for boba!!
taste old and flat
Not all the packets taste the same.
It is garlic POWDER.
Only 1 cider pod. Several different brands of coffee but same type.
Edible, but would not be craving it again.
Very dry. Not what I expected
It does not seem any different than any other gum!
Got back but do not get moneys worth Due to crumbs at bottom of each bag.
This product is pictured with a stuffed toy, which did not arrive in my order.
lacking flavor and texture is very chewy. my teen loves them.
They are really hard to chew. People with soft teeth should not eat these
Way, way too much sodium!!  Be careful !!
Did not taste like Blue Mountain coffee I know
I was disappointed that the watermelon did not have seeds like years ago... Only good one was cherry
Flavor not as expected. I had to use 2 packets for one cup.
One of the bottles is unusable as the cap was cracked and sauce leaked.
I prefer the old dried onion soup mix, but it is discontinued!
One of the bottles had leaked in the box.
The can was smashed and I had to request a refund.
Says 10 packs but it is only one bag
Everything in the jar smells and tastes like the Atomic Fireball candy included in the jar.
Good but too expensive.
Not a fan of the flavor but convenient packages.
The package was open when I got it
The chocolate was not good it was very cheap no flavor
Arrived after expected delivery date. Box full of individual smarties, not in bags.
Several were soft and not crunchy.
Wrong kind of paper used to wrap gum.  It sticks and cannot always be peeled off.
"My niece and nephew called it ""nothing water"" -its still in the fridge."
Chips change color but I do not like the flavors
This product gives a strange cooling sensation.
Too much salt in this mixture for my taste.  I will try another brand next time.
Taste ok but its too expensive...
I will Order Another Day, Too Close Expiration Till Tomorrow!
It had a mocha flavor when I was expecting a coffee flavor,
Petals fell off as shown
Was not the flavor i like and a 3rd was bitter
Was dry and seems thatvit was old production not fresh at all and a waste of money
seriously, i had higher expectations for these cookies
The creamer was just a little too sweet for me.
i would give it 5 star except the wild heat ones are disgusting the other two are excellent
do not like the taste..but arrives on time!
It is drinkable. Not my favorite...I think it is the star anise.
Did not realize these were the smaller cookies from the advertisement or I would not have purchased.
Not too nutritious
I like the product but the bag does not close, I do not know why the zip do not close
spice.... still looking
Not very tasty and a bit salty
It tastes like what you would expect for a powdered creamer
The vinegar leaked in the packaging.
The favor does not last as long as other brands of gum out there. So I will not be buying it again.
I did not like that it was put in same box as my roundup blackberry poison spray.
They recently changed the recipe. The new one does not include kale, which I was still looking for.
Not the healthiest choice, but a median choice for a crowd.
Too grainy for my liking.
Do not know if it is me but used to taste different
The pot will not hold water , or No drop tray included, I got the fishing pole but no fisher man :_)
A lot smaller than expected. Not bad meats, though.
Tasty, but the portion is just not enough to justify the price.
It was lacking in licorice flavor.
They Are yummy but they came all melted together
It is too expensive for the price. THe Plum butter itself is just ok.
The space jam topper came ripped in the letters!
It was not what I expected, thurst quenching yet plain, but plain is sometimes nice.
Not a lot of flavor
This chicken was ok.  Do not think I will by again
They had a stain taste like they were old
About 1/4-1/3 of my pods were damaged and leaked grounds into coffee.
Taste is not good. It helps a bit with focus/energy, but not too much.
They are not nearly as tasty as the last order. Same product.
The price is great, there is nothing bad about it but the taste is a bit bland.
The product is enough to take away the chocolate craving, but just barely.
How is this even called coconut milk if the ingredients are coconut extract & water?
Noodles got a little soft.
I feel these are a rip off and the the actual product
Both boxes were open and seal ripped but the product is yummy
Okay, but not great! Almonds are large and crunchy  butter chocolate is forgettable
Not a great chocolate sauce flavor but very artificial not a bad flavor just not my favorite
Not a huge fan of the taste and quick spoilage
Very tasty but really difficult to open - time consuming and still some get ripped
One of my monsters came with a hole in it.
expiration date was soon after arrival
Popcorn good, palm oil bad
Very small bag, many small kernels.  Not worth the money.  I threw it in the garbage.
I could not use some of the candy because it was chipped when I received it.
Too dry.  Could be crushed up and used as cereal.  Not much flavor.
Look out for pits.  Lots of olives in the jar, but still sometimes there are fragments of pits.
I did not like the flavor
Not quite as taste as the other flavor which is why it only got a 3
Arrived like this
Tasted good bur arrived all broken up!
"Tastes just like regular ""bang"", but I did not notice any energy boost."
So sad that this pasta only served 3 people. Not that much at all.
Texture was not what I expected.  Prefer Lower Sugar Quaker Instant Oatmeal.
They rot within a couple of days.
The texture and dryness of these bars is my issue. I felt they were really dry
Not much better or any worse than most brands are tried maybe slightly above average overall
Lacked discernible  Bergemot flavor thought it is labeled Earl Grey
Not the value for the money,  they cost. 85 at the store
The chips were so thin they had a good taste not much in the package
It was so crushed it was dust its hit or miss on what you get but they do replace it if its crushed
Price too high on second purchase
I pay nearly half as much locally for the same product. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars.
I did  not care for the taste
Just OK on flavor.  Way not great.
they were on the dry side.
One of the jars was broken. Decide not to order any more glass packaged food products.
You get a lot of them 
just about every bar received broken in many pieces should be overpacked
Had problems with the pods making my machine overflow water
I like it but it takes a lot to get the flavor there. Maybe needs salt too
I did not realize that this was intended for Barbie's doll house kitchen. The things are TINY!
okay too bad they do not hang on trees
This product is very dry regret that I purchased two without trying the first one.
To bad they were over priced or would have bought more
bottle was not sealed properly so there was  leakage
Somehow they are not crunchy at all, taste like the chips were not stored properly.
Many of the candys seals were broken and had spicy sugar all in the bag. Items were melted
These were not nearly as toasty as I had hoped, but they are tasty anyway.
I have only been drinking 2% or Whole Grassmilk lately. This last 1% milk tasted very flat.
I prefer other Nashville hot sauce from Boston Market
not bad but it is expensive.
A bit dry, not as chewy as I expected.
I thought maybe Amazon might have soft gummies. Nope. I cannot find soft gummies anywhere anymore.
Excellent taste.. a little too expensive. I thought these were larger bags. 2 in a pack.
lots of tiny round seeds....not too much flavor
The tea is lovely, but each bag is wrapped in plastic, totally unnecessary packaging.
Little to sweet cut back about 15 to 20% on sugar and it would be a 4
This is not to my taste and I like Breakfast Blend or Medium Roast.
The flavor was not a biggie on the  passion fruit flavor...
Do not believe the hype.
Very mediocre as salted caramel flavors go.  Starbucks is by far my favorite.
The photo showed 4 syrups but I only received 3
These are nowhere near dried . There is no value in buying these .
Loved this product too expensive
Someone forgot to add the chemical that tastes like lemon.
Product is very thing and does not have much flavor. I will try a different product next time
The seasoning was good but the container is awfully difficult to use
Box opened on both ends, box looked pretty rough, not a very comforting feeling.
A bit stale, but good candy
Beans were smaller than others I have purchased.
The size is so small. Wish they sold in stores still to get a decent size for the price you pay.
It is just me.  Did not care for it
One 8 oz box not two
The chocolates arrived in a timely manner, unfortunately I only received 11 pieces out of 12.
Coconut is very dry and not moist like the reviews I will not buy again
Bean were smaller and drier than beans I buy at Smart & Final
Does anyone else think this tastes like cucumber?
Does not come with much gum. Does not fill up the machine. Suggest buying extra gum.
2 words, added sugar WHY?
I did not like it  no taste for it to be seasoning.
its 2 month away from exp date
Cans arrived all dented in on the opening side, extremely hard to open and enjoy.
Add Basil like the plant in Germany. And I would buy tons
Gums up if you do not use it daily.
This was included in an Easter Basket
I know the measurements were listed. It just did not seem as big as I thought it would be.
I received the creamer without the measuring spoons
Flavor ok, a little too much pepper. I think it takes a little getting use to.
Not enough taste
Meh, it is oatmeal.
Just alright. Nothing to write home about!
Way too much salt!! Do not use the whole package. Small kernels of popped corn may be old.
Unlike other frozen treats we have bought, these completely melted before they got to us.
A lot of crumbs , bits , and pieces
Too lose.  Tried mixing but way too lose.
The powder has a very strong unpleasant taste. I stopped using it .
Would prefer the large container instead of opening several tiny portions per cup.
Found out after purchasing that this should not be used for food...
No flavor, will not buy again.
They was not as flavored as I thought.
Love the floor of the popcorn, but it did seem stale
Came out in time for Valentines Day but not enough to hand out.
Yummy, but sugar substitute upset my stomach.
Hoping setter contacts me for a replacement.
Stale... but still good
Does not taste like butter pecan!!  Big waste of money if the favor is what you want.
Easy to use, less mess, but seems a little weak tasting.
I love zotz..but some in package were broken & cracked open making them not enjoyable.
I ordered a larger amount than I received. Very disappointed because these are the best candies.
A bit over roasted for my taste.
Good product but it is too expensive!
Received my tea yesterday only to find out it expires next month.
Flavor dooes not last as long as expected
This chicken is nice to have for camping trips but my husband complains about how dry it is.
The box smells like someone urine on it; I do not think I will be purchasing this item again.
beans are dry...
Sticks to my teeth ! I have porcelain veneers
They were long lasting but lacking a bit of flavor.
When I opened the package,  the milk chocolate box was sticky
The expiry of an entire carton of noodles is only a month away.
I will try this again but add different things into it to change the flavor.
I do not know if it is just me but they tasted like the plastic wrapping to a degree.
It is a powder.  I have no way of testing.  Going on trust with this one...
I still need to add butter so I might as well just use regular oil.
Some bags were already open, also some bags tasted fresher than others
It taste weird like it is been in a weird place  oiled really like my money back honestly.
Expiry date is not very far out.  This is the only reason why I do not give my rating 5 stars
Only 2 naruto ramune and 2 bags of chips not all of it was naruto themed.
A bit dry, maybe because it is last year's
The consistency is as promised, but the taste is too bitter for my taste.
It tastes like a chocolate diet shake.
Wish it was spicier. Also 4 0z is not a lot for the price.
The Celsius (orange) cans are much better but do not fly well.
Rip off barely anything in bags
it does have a low sugar content
Not what I expected. Good taste but sticks to your teeth. Too expensive.
Price Way too high...what is up with that all of a sudden !!!???
not as I remembered.
This would be about $1.53 per ounce, not the $0.77 stated in the description.
I like the product, but it arrived melted.  It is overpriced.
All of them had double yolks, seems nice but bad for people looking to minimize cholesterol intake
like that it is organic, no HFCS, but watery. My kid likes the flavor.
Do not taste the marshmallow.
Good but expensive. Not sure if it is worth the price.
Item arrived expired
Pieces of potato too big with very little mayo and no other veges
These are just flavor packets. There are no noodles
Did not love this. Too much clove flavor for me
both cans arrived dented  and banged
Very tasty product, but a lot were broken.
Sparkling water is sparkling water. I would buy what is cheapest.
The liquid was all over the outside of the jar upon delivery
Did not care for this flavor
Not very tasty... There is another fake bacon on Amazon that is much better
It is too long to fit into the starbucks syrups without cutting the straw.
Not real peachy.
This cereal has just kind of gotten worse over time, and at this point it just is not worth buying.
Caramel Corn was stale.  Nice basket/tray but not worth the money.
It is ok . A bit bitter.....Best cold brew that I have found is Wandering Bear.
Arrived and worked as expected.
They were missing a bit more color but did the job!  Just smaller than expected
I have had way better. Not sure what the green stuff was but changed the banana taste.
Lots of stems...
I  would not  purchase  a second  time.
Came in cardboard box with plastic bag split open and candy loose in box.
I do like beyond meat jerky. I just wish it would not have sugar in
Did Not get all my Mint I only got 22 instead of 24
Wish I could have purchased a smaller version
Too sweet.I am not really like it
Drastically reduced the size of the bar...Disappointed..
For $30 it is pricey
Fun to use and instructions were easy to follow. Tasted disgusting though.
I was not a fan of all the flavors
Great deal. Unfortunately the last bag had a hole which took away from the freshness a little bit.
I was not very fond of the taste.
We usually use American beauty brand pastas but this brand is compatible and a very decent price
Not a fan of the taste in comparison to regular cinnamon...
Was not as flavorful  as before.
I like it but it is a bit too salty.
I do not really like this and may order something ealse.
Flavor was okay but a little bland.
If you add it to cheese that has flavor as this is pretty devoid of flavor.
The smell of pumpkin is stronger then the actual taste of pumpkin.
Have come in a couple times lumpy, but often comes in on.
was not what i wanted but with a little help i made it taste better. It was bitter and very bland.
I dislike the size of the jars.
Average as far as pumpkin flavor.
like the taste but not the condition
Despite the awful smell when first opened these do taste great and are inexpensive.
Once you try the root beer one you cannot go any where else.
The tea was not to my liking but it maybe to yours?
Real brown sugar is 17 calories per packed teaspoon.  How is 15 calories half thst?
Arrived damaged and leaking
Half the size of the regular sticks. Tastes slightly different.
It is not bad...but how the F%@k do ya open this thing w/o destroying the packaging.....
The chips arrived on time, only one bag had a rip where you open it.
Product was good Just the cookies were broken I am guessing due to box being threw around
The MCT oil takes a bit of getting used to. I like the way I feel after I drink it though.
Did not get teaspoon with this order but the description mentioned about the spoon too!
Priced right bu has a weak taste. I added a shot of chocolate syrup to pep it up.
Cans were pretty badly bent.  Did not effect the inside product too much.
They were not very chocolatey
It does not really taste like anything- just makes my coffee a bit creamier.
Palm oil is a cheap unhealthy oil
Tea is just as it states cinnamon aka Big red gum so the flavor is spot on.
too much.. Please offer smaller quantity
Does not work with 2.0 450, you have to run it like your making a cup of tea.
Did lower Blood Sugar a bit ,but causes diarrhea!!!!
Has a bitter taste
Not much meat no flavor
if you do they will stick to the wrappings,i can buy mine at my store were I get my food cheapper
Arrived with puncture holes in coffee packets
Price gouging. Buy at store about $4 each.
its ok, tastes weird, found no health benefit
The jerky was a little tough to chew, tougher than most jerky.
I expected a little more taste but was almost none.
The only problem is the expiration date is January 2018 and we received December 6, 2017.
Not salty enough
Several cans were very bent.
Sweeter than I was expecting - closer to BBQ sauce than canned chipotles in adobo
Smells like fish. I cannot drink it
Product was not as expected..overpriced
Appears the biscotti had been around awhile and an a lot of jostling
Not enough flavor
1tube damaged. No way to get credit
Some flavors are better than others.  The green beans were stringy and I was unable to chew them.
Good product but too expensive
The roses look as pictured but smells like cardboard.
Bottom of the bag is powdery.
Arrived almost expired
I will not be ordering this coffee again
These will not brew on a regular Tassimo machine.  Beware!!!
Not really what I expected but ok taste
Not the flavor I was hoping for.
Such a small amount for the money. Did not cook as well as I hoped. Kind of tough.
They changed the flavor not a fan
It tasted like sawdust and cardboard mixed. Yuck!
The toasted onion did not taste the same.
I lost interest in all the things you are supposed to use it for.
Too sweet and has a strong artificial taste
Do not like that they only use broccoli stems and it is a bit to much cheese for me
For the price we were expecting spectacular and we thought they were just alright and expensive.
It did not taste like the actually walkers Scottish butter cookies. will not purchase again
Sticking with xylitol, instead. Just a taste and texture choice for me.
I did not care for the texture. Too seedy!
the teaste is ok, but it is expensive
Seems to be old chocolate is a little chalked looking. Taste is not the freshest.
The taste was not to my liking.
Boxes crushed  could not send back  go to the local store!
I did not like the brine. Was a bit bitter.
wish the sunflowers came attached - have to rework a bit so that it hangs correctly as well.
Only 4.99 when purchased.
Candy was melted. please send replacements
not what I wanted, but overall not bad, almost the same taste that I expected
Well the banana taste is a little faint ,but they taste more like lemon to me. Hopes this helps
They were very yummy and well packaged but when they were opened one was missing!
It is O.K. considering it is not made today.
the beef one tastes like cinnamon
Gift presentation smaller than expected.
The jellybeans seemed like they were old
The chocolate was poor to just OK. I found it grainy & not smooth.
Only a few tropical and watermelon candies
Package was leaking candy out .
Had to double up to get the flavor of the in-house version at the coffee shop.
It is like drinking watered down coffee. Just personal taste but never again.
I love the little jars but for the amount you receive it is expensive.
served the needs
so-so. the sugar bbs hurt my teeth
too much black pepper, it really takes over as the dominant flavor
Product was added to the company's chow Mein dinner .
Okay, but not impressive flavor.
I expected a bigger bag for the amount it costs.  Not worth the price
Not as big as I thought I can get a bigger pack at the health food store for about the same price.
Expensive. Found something better at Walmart.
Was not spicy at all.
Flavor is okay...but will not buy again.
The fruitcake just crumbled a part . Could not move it or cut it.Not moist at all. Never buy again.
ONLY REC  3 LOBSTER TAIL
They were great except our orange was bad
taste okay but decided to eliminate Yellow dye 5 Yellow dye 6 from diet ... so, no more!
I was excited about this purchase. Sadly this ice cream is very salty
Me personally was not a fan of the favors.
Surprised it was not naturally sweeter..
Unfortunately only the vetch has germinated after 2mos.
A little too sugary for me and did not taste fresh.
There were only 4 pieces in the bag.
A little dried up and small compared to other vanilla beans I have tried.  Just ok.
They were not very fresh Not stale but not fresh Better price than local store
Not like they use to be
Not too strawberryish.
Not too bad. Works good when in a pinch for a snack
Not the same flavor I loved as a kid, also both boxes had a ton of crumbs,  broken pieces.
Its a bit pricey here
Each serving is so little that you have to eat two servings . I am not even a big eater.
listing does not show that it is shipped from india and the lead times are misleading.
about a 7-8% breakage in the 3 boxes that i ordered
Used almost 1 bottle for one recipe
The eggplant was not good inside and pretty hard. The softer the eggplant the better the taste.
Did not arrive on time. Overpriced. Do not recommend
Died within a week
Came you roped as advertised, but sticker did not read organic?
This cumin is not bad, but has little flavor.
A lot of money for what you get.
NOT ENOUGH PRODUCT. it tastes decent but not enough product.
Product almost expired. Only 1 month left.
They were ok. Not really a fan of the sucker part
Flavor is mild and heat is very very mild. Disappointing about the heat
The product is as expected no major excitement.
Nothing to get excited about here, pretty mediocre
The seeds are what is jumbo, the package size is.
kind of disappointed with this. taste like dissolved flintstone vitamins
Bought them cuz description says pitted. They are not and they are not returnable.
I know it is salt free, but wow is it bland! Will Not be buying again. I ended up adding some myself.
Pantyliners are thicker than these candy bars, but they are good.Fix it!
I did not like this steak... I have tried it twice and it was not for me
the pieces are very small. It is more like cashew crumbs.
Some times people inserting coins and they got nothing from the machine !!
Nothing special and to expensive
skimpy on the currants
The chicken inside does not have good tasty
Did not fit in normal sized eggs as stated
Terrific packaging, but the quality of the chocolate covered orange peel was very average.
Overpriced for the amount you get, but it is tasty.
I wish the vendor would provide items with longer shelf life,
cake and frosting-delicious flavor. but VERY DRY cake...maybe it is from the freezing process...
I do not care for the taste.
It is my opinion that they were priced a bit above there value for the price listed.
Bottles are all banged up and dented.
My girl like this flavor,but I do not!
Product arrived on time and as described.
Apples were dry and spongy
It was already opened, Someone surgically opened it from the rear of the seal.
Good but sorry to see it has sugar alcohol.  Not suitable for diabetics.
Turning into butter.
The first jar was fantastic,  but the second jar was not good at all.
They were second quality at premium price
They gave me gas so probably would not buy. Also this was after only eating/drinking one packet.
Tooooo costly for the amount of crackers.  Will not buy again.
Matter of taste.
It was too spicy for me!!!
At least it is the right product, with no lid. I ordered Almond Extract, today I got Butter Extract
I do not care for these. Apparently I may just not like soy nuts.
At $1.32/can, this is more expensive than the corner bodega which charges a buck per can.
Could be fresher
The price is not workable except for a gift.
Not enough for the cost
One of the packages was open and one tea box was missing.
they are good buns but they are just a little small for what they are intended for.
They pop in my machine
Expected smaller but still works
Not what I expect.
Timing is different for ovens and you have to keep a close on the bread as it can burn.
Covered in fungus when it arrived.
Package came completely destroyed.
do not like the taste...the texture...it'a too salty for me
A buch of spinach.  Tasted like spinach, looked like spinach and smelled like spinach.
Earthy and has a dung odor...
They do not give me the same energy boost as another brand.
I like the juice, but I am still having leg cramps
Good buy expensive. Not worth the cost.
Every can was dented!
Over priece, I thought ther were saladitos.
They were OK a little hard on the teeth
Not a great flavor.  Glad I gVe it a try but a little too bland for our taste.
Definitely need to add seasoning which I did not do
Came less than halfway full
Too soft feel apart. did not like the flavor or texture
Not sure if it was really that beneficial
The person who got this as a gift was minimally-impressed. Embarrassing.
My daughter's love these, but they are are way too expensive. These are half the price in stores.
I did not like the flavor at all.
The expiration date for this product is within 2 month.
Grapefruit and almonds two tastes I do not care for. Though I did like the texture.
Apples tasted like water. That is all.
its' garlic powder. It tastes like garlic powder.
Good black garlic flavor but a little drier than other black garlic I have had.
Very flimsy. Was only a paper cutout. Have not used it yet but hoping it does not rip.
Keto snack is yummy
Do not love it, it is more blah than other brands, do not like the texture
Expensive as anything! They taste amazing, but I thought (my mistake) that it was a bigger bag
Box I got was months expired.
Love the dressing but one bottle was broken when it arrived
Tastes like low calorie
Does what it is supposed to
Slightly crushed and crumbly on arrival
Will not buy this again. The quality of the chicken was mediocre at best. Flavor was non existent.
Thought I would like the bacon....nope
Is Not what i was expecting
1st time ordering and 5 cans punctured and leaking
The image got all wrinkled once i placed it
Only had two weeks before they ran out of date
not selling  customers do not like
When used for baking it is slimy
I love toffee and these were disappointing
It was not that tasty....  REAL WEAK FLAVOR.  I like a more Bold Enhancer.
I got upset stomach after eating this. Next morning I also had toilet emergency.
More like a cup cake topper! Very small .cute but small
Wish they were bigger. Will buy again.
will not buy again, not minty
These are extremely bitter.
For what I paid for them in thought it would have been bigger
wife did not like she the diabetic
What you would expect
Taste great, very small package. I would guess 8 candies in the bag. Not great for the price.
This appears to be re-branded Tetleys
I did not care for it. I will stay with Lemon or Lime.
This showed up in my search for low acid coffee which it is not.
Not a lot of flavor
Shopper bought brown leafs. 6 leaves thrown out.
Decent  container size.  Small portion  amount.
Not much of taste and too high price for small bag
good but too expensive
Fruits r not printed right w @top in middle.  :(
mmmhhhh not so much. tastes old or flat........
Not big on the taste
Several of the cans were dented.
they were too ripe
The plastic bottles make the water taste like plastic.
From concentrate! Not very tasty
One leaked and arrived wet.
They had melted of course!
I bought it for my husband, but he did not feel that it helped him as expected.
This is how I received the order.
The product is not sealed .  It is opened.
They were dry and not fond of the taste its a hint of a meat taste but not for real
No excuse. Just did not like the flavors. Caramel, Mint, Dark Chocolate etc.
Sorry but was more like vinegar than ranch
This stuff tastes like melted jello (the ones that come in the snack cups)
I misread. I wanted all decaffeinated. On me.
Not how I remembered them
A whole tablespoon did very little in a 1 cup batch. Definitely not worth the money.
Not what I expected in the taste
Nothing about this was reminiscent of pasta. Just use zucchini or spaghetti squash.
Not what I expected. Others might really like. Too pricey.
Better than no onion at all in my recipes.  However, the smell in the bag  is really unpleasant.
Can barely taste blue cheese in product
A little bit too hard for me but otherwise it was good.
watch out for your teeth.
They are not really as big of a piece that I would prefer......Also,melt too fast....
It arrives spoiled
This is NOT a 4 pound bag. Guess i should have read the description.
Not enough garlic flavor.
I thought it would be something like I had in Hawaii, it was not.
Some of the potatoes were soft
saltier than expected even for pork
Has a bit of a slimy texture,  nothing like normal dried banana chips.
Product was as expected. Just saw that it was way cheaper in another retail store
Product was somewhat dry , but otherwise good toasted. It was thinly sliced. Leslie K
The product tastes ok but too expensive for such small jar.
One of the 8 packs was defective and did not brew completely.
Good but not great jerky. Did not taste like a premium product vs other jerky half the price.
Two of the cans were punctured
leaky bottle but ,no matter it was laying on its side .i am still using it .
I prefer the ones the grocery store sells.
Kind Of stale by the time they got to me..
I  this product...The only thing is that it ONLY taste well on pork to me!
Not anything like the Tazo honeybush tea I use.  Would not buy again
It just had a monster truck sticker on a lollipop paper that I could have got from the dollar store
Not what I expected
It is not wonderful, but not terrible
One apple had a large gash, another was covered with black spots.
The labels were not included in the box as they were with the others I ordered
The past 2 times I have received this package several of the oatmeal packs we are open.
Do not like the taste and after taste.
Only cocoa powder on them
they are not that yummy in massive doses, you could give these to grandma and she will be grateful.
Did not like flavor at all.  Did not realize it was flavored water when I ordered.
Good taste but gummed up my French press. And felt tired instead of energized.
Not salty enough. Very garlicky
Pepper is pepper. Will refill with pepper costing one third as much.
Nice flavor, but candy is on the hard side - ruins the experience.
Product and picture description is a bit different
I think I had allergies to this tea.
This is not green chili.  It is a bean soup.
Picture is misleading. Check the weight.
One of the tangerine where okd and moldy.
Some of the pics were defective
Tastes good, but to expensive for the small amount in the package
sweeter than I like.....also, found it 60% cheaper in a local store.....
Missing that corn flavor of the yellow very very salty.. I buy this often I eat alot of chips
Had grit and sand in it
Not as dramatic as I had believed, but still cool.
I really like this seasoning, but it is cheaper to buy locally.
I GOT THOUGHTS BUT THE QUANTITY DESCRIBED IN INCORRECT
Box of 12 only came with 11!
Personally I do not like these because the lack of sweetness.
Did not realize it needs to be cooked. Thought I could add it to coffee and smoothies.
Not bad. Not great. Kind Of weird tasting
The two jars were leaking when they arrived.
Canned hash is canned hash, really. They tend to be similar.
Too much dry fruits compare to the nuts... The radio should be way to the nuts favor
They are not very tasty
Bought for a gift, for his candy jar at work
I ordered two boxes of 24-count for a total of 28. Received one box of 24.
Got here on time.  good stand in for French's.  very broken  crumbs.
Tastes about like it is supposed to..
not as I remembered when I used the single serve packets, the taste is definitely different
Hard to get to taste the flavor.  This product is very sweet.
Very runny when following the exact directions & not great for waffles.  Fine for pancakes.
Ordered 50count package, but received 25 count package...
it says just salt, but it clearly is not. Does anyone know what they are?
Careful taking these out of the packaging because one broke when we went to take it out to use.
do not like the smell too poitent.
I expected it to be a darker blue.
This smells better than any Dil I have ever smelled, but it has very little taste. It is strange.
If there were such a thing as coffee flavored tea, this is what I would expect it to taste like.
Smaller packaging and different taste. A bit pricy for this product compared to previous offer.
Did not really like the product. May work for others did not really help my bread
Most of the cookies  were all broken
They all taste the same and are all made in China.
I did not get to test this product because it ARRIVED MELTED
Does the trick for filling you up,  tastes just ok....I like the nuts
Too much hype behind this in my opinion. Weird after taste although it is sweet.
Compared to tillamook and slim Jim or jack links,  this does not compare.
It is lipton tea... not much else to say. It was 3 dollars at one point tasted as expected.
Rice is rice n brown is the healthiest!
Half of them were fresh and usable and the other half was mushy and moldy
Not very crunchy, but still tasty.
kind of stale and one was open in the box
Was not the consistency or flavor I remember but was a tasty treat
Package was smaller than expected. Much smaller.
Okay but too expensive
smaller than i thought
Taste of some flavors was not great and too much sugar in my opinion.
Way too much nutmeg or something, it was a weird flavor not similar to carrot cake.
It just was not my cup of tea.
I do not like this flavor at all.
Not much flavor but sweet enough for tea.
I did not realize it was nothing but mini candy bars. The package was misleading.
Did not really care for this flavor
I only received one sleeve in the package - Where are the other 3/4 sleeves ? Thank you
Not everyone likes the variety of snacks
This tea is just ok.  Not strong, on the weak side.
a bit on a blend side
Pepper flakes not hot enough and a bit lacking in flavor.
Only two flavors.
Expiration date to short , the last box had almost 3 months. This one less than two weeks.
Maybe the stickers should be easier to take off
Average or less than average, yet cost as much as the specialty stores.
There not much to them they really do not do much.
WFM substituted  this with Raspberry.
I know it is Keto etc... but did not like the taste
If you do not like chocolate covered fruit flavors do not buy
The headline says it all
Was way too sweet and thin, almost watery Consistently.  Did not like it.
too salty for me!
Not a fan of the flavor or aroma of this one
Does have enough oil to pop every kernel. Half the bag will be left unopposed unless you add oil
Not worth the money decent taste
Smaller than what we get at the market.
As always Bob's has good products, but this was WAY too expensive for one little bag of cereal!!
package arrived open on two orders.  Shells in package.
TOO MUCH FAT AND NOT ENOUGH MEAT
I have planted an entire acre of sesames and have not seen one tree grow yet.  I am hopeful, though.
Do not beleive we will order again.
I ordered two, and when delivered one was popped open and was EVERYWHERE
Overpriced espresso for the quality
Not much fruit flavor. Surprisingly much more sour than expected. Did not meet my needs.
I did not like the flavor
Tasted good but way too expensive!
Not the flavor I was hoping for.
I was hoping for a stronger black tea taste. Was weak and tasted lemon. It is ok.
Great price but was dried out, stale and hard.
These are definitely not for Ejuice cigarettes they are strictly for cooking
Flavors not quite as festive as I anticipated.
More than likely, I could have spent way less than what was charged
Meeting Mints what else can I say !
For my taste it is too salty.
Description clearly says 12 bars and only 11 showed up.
It does not have flavor.
Favor I remember just was not there.
Would not buy again not sweet enough
Some of them were uneatable and melted.
The bread is rubbery,
Chia seeds just stick to my teeth - yuck.
The product came with dented cans
good for a rush, bad for ever use it lacks flavor
Rather dry. smaller size than regular bread.
Too much hibiscus taste and not enough plum taste
Not so bad, the real thing is better
Nice...but melt together in transport from any heat
they are good but box only holds a few so they are not worth the money.
Pretty pricey Odd tasting frosting
I was expecting it to taste really good so I was disappointed
tooo salty for me
They are alright.  I was not to fond of the taste personally.
Not as flavorful as I had hoped
These were old!  Tough, crumbly, old taste.
Smaller than I had realized but ok for small jobs
A little too ripe; must use right away.
It was not as flavorful as I was hoping.
The product did not come up to the standard of the Miso Soup served in Sushi Restaurants
Just received it today 5/28/23 and it expires 6/6/23. Not enough time
It smells spoiled or old to me
It does not really have a taste.
Not bad, but not great either.
They are okay.my kids does not like them
This product dose have salt in with the corn
Not whole ginger. It must have been pulverized and then shaped into oval shape.
Not horrible but fake sugar.
Too onion-y. Did not really care for it.
The stick was not already adhered to the topper.
Great pick me up, but expensive!
Not a very strong vanilla flavor on really liquidy.
Only got 229 warheads, and three were already open.
Wish this jerky was easier to chew.
Did not notice it is a spread, texture not as thick as I expected. Flavor OK.
Was supposed to be a 2 pack, only one arrived.
Kind of dry. Other brands of dried gojis are better but not the worst.
Not enough peanut butter flavor
You would think that it would taste like chocolate but it is far from it. Has an after tasted too.
Product shipped and arrived as advertised
Great value but I was disappointed that this brand had little flavor.
Tasty if you enjoy Nougat, but for the price the box comes with only a few pieces.
This does not tastes like carrot cake at all!
Tried but not a fan of almond flour
have a taste of soap, i felt soap stuff spilled on my package!!!
Chocolate was old and dried up.  Heating it up made it edible.
Love the product definitely not happy with the condition it showed up in
Good but too expensive.
Was not satisfied with the taste, not much flavor, taste kind of stale!
It tastes a bit fake. It does not appear to differ very well. I have had better.
Ridiculous amount of salt. Much better to make homemade soup.
The taste is great, I am a disappointed in amount of grinds were getting in each cup.
They were good but expensive.
They still tasked good although they were pretty stale so they were hard to chew
so far this is what I think of these chia seeds, we are still in the trial run
mostly seeds.. May be difficult to swallow and digest
The blueberries get harder the longer you cook them. Made waffles this  made them not edible.
Not a lot of flavor in it.
Costly for amount
I like the taste
Did not really wake me up
The order said pack of 24. We received a pack of 12
The stick fell off after 1 use
package was damage and spills in the the box.
downgraded because package had been dropped with two cans bulging
I WOULD NOT ORDER AGAIN!
I did not love this burrito. It is OK but not great.
It is not Jell-O by any means. You get what you pay for I guess.
Package was open and lollipops all over the package.
Not very spicy and sweeter than I expected.
Tried doing keto. Just could not do this sweetener
I love the brand, but this flavor has a weird after taste.
Website no info for bread machines as stated on package
Definitely not white Albacore tuna. Dark and strongly flavored.
These chips expire in less than a month  so they are dumping old stock
Yummy trail mix, however I did almost eat a damn stick in a handful.
Its just an oonion
The coffee lacks flavor and punch. I trust Wirecutter's reviews but they went astray on this one.
I received this product with one of the cans being busted and leaking on all the others.
Came without the lid.
I cannot even drink enough of it to see if works. Yuck. I tried adding honey & that did not help.
Bag had a hole in it and grains had spilled into the packing box.
Lives up to its name
The box had been taped shut and only 5 of 6 bars included.
Lids were cracked, reported it and no response.  I will not be buying these again
The syrup was fine but the pump was broken when it arrived and is not eligible for return
Tiny and not very memorable.
I think this product is overpriced.
Most somewhat dry and thin
Did not like this product. I gave it a friend who does.
Only a regular 10 oz bag and it DOES NOT stand up
Came quickly, but has a small hole. Some leaking.
Just a ficus, not ginseng! Photo is deceptive.
I do like the dark chocolate taste. However, it really lacked the sweetness, I would hoped for.
I can barely taste the peanut. Boo.
Disappointingly tiny pieces, not even as big as real ones.  The colors are washed out.
Would not purrchase again.
expected some saltiness...must be health food?
Was not like I remembered the cheese.
Not much flavor, basically just salt
Not very sturdy  was coming unglued
A little less flavorful that I expected. Better when a peppermint creamer is added to it.
I love the candies but they arrived melted and broken.
Case was open and 6 pcs of product was missing
it is liquid, need to add a lot for coloring.
First Garum I have ever tried, so hard to say.
Decent flavor but it is a little too dry when chewed.
The cans were dented during shipment.
I like the flavor. Pleasent pick me up.
The balloon quality was in line with the price.
Arrived damaged, was told non refundable. Do not recommend.
flavor is bland, but is decent for soups.
These chips were not very flavorful.  I would not purchase them again.
They are not all Mickey mouse just some
7 of the 24 cans had ruptured and leaked juice all over the box.
The fact that I could use it w my Sauce as a substitute spaghetti.
Is the texture of jackfruit . I probably would not purchase again
A little disappointments. Peanut Punch tasted old and chalky.
Both gingerbread men came with their heads broke off.
Okay but not spectacular.  The hot sauce is not hot.  It is just red.
Disappointed. The peppermint balles are much better, same brand just different shape
There are just other gummies by Black Forest that I like better.
Came quick and fast, but some of them were unwrapped, which was disappointing.
I simply did not enjoy the flavor of these. I do not recommend and would not buy them again.
For $ 10  you would think it would be double sided
Extremely overpriced but taste like chicken wings lol
Flavor needs to be stronger. Barely detect the peach.
There are absolutely no yellow ones in the package
I did not like this but does not mean it is bad other people may love it
Very tasty but much smaller than I expected.
Will not order again
Flavor is watery.
It is hard to find gluten free snacks. This one was not too bad. I liked it but my kiddos did not.
I love this brand and truffles, but these were stale.
I did not like that two of my puddings was damaged on the bottom.
It is gold but this is not a particular one I was looking for
Not as fresh as expected and quite a few broken cookies .
The cucumber tastes okay but the skin is thick.
Does not taste right. Did they change the recipe? Not sure. Will probably not order again.
Flavors are not assorted to individual bags, just thrown in a big box grab bag
It does not smell any different than regular vanilla extract.
Not as good as I remember :(
I will not order again
You have to make a 35 dollars order
I would not buy this again.
What happened to the flavor? There is no lime!! These are just chips!!!
When I received my order on 01/26/2021 it already had a expiration date of 01/10/2021
No taste at all.
I did not like the flavor at all.
Quite acidic and not much flavor.
Great snack but little too expensive
Good, but way too expensive
Seagram's gets the job done here, but I would take Canada Dry any day of the week.
its different taste than I think
Not a fan of the flavor
Pretty dry. The cookie around the fig completely crumbled off after one bite.
Flour is ok, but to get it shipped in a much to big carton, unbelievable. Never again- sorry 
This is definitely not good as the one sold in the bakery, but at least not bad.
the flavor was not the vest but they are popping boba so?
I like the fact that it is a variety pack however some of the flavors were not tasty.
The batter does not seem to be as crispy as it used to be.
tasted like coconut oil
these are not a substitute for real bagels, too doughy and soft no crisp at all.
These are like a big taco size.  If you are looking to make burritos or quesadillas, look elsewhere.
Dry and lacking flavor
I like the taste but the tops fall off
Tasts are not natural like the other flavors.
Good but not great!
The bags are not all 3.5 ounces and they will not let you return.
It has a bit too much tumeric for me. It overwhelms the other flavors.
Versatile addition to stews or sauces
The cookies were dry and the powdered topping was caked at the bottom of the tin.
To thick was not thin at all  but it was tastie... Fast delivery
We did not expect the heat that this sauce came with!! Maybe put that in the description.
Not great, I am not sure if it is Ghiradelli product, could have been so much better in taste.
This does not really taste like butter at all. But it is salty so give it three stars.
There is not enough meat in it.
Would give an extra star for about a dollar a piece not $2
Could have been fresher. No diggity.
Salty for me. Pricy too.
The price was great but they were a little stale...
I understand jalapeo can vary from 0 heat to spicy, this was pretty tame.
some of the chocolate flavor was melted together.
The gun definitely has lots of flavor but loses it pretty quickly
Wish it was hotter
No what I expected
Too many broken cookies. A lot if crumbles
also I missed the fact that these were peppermint... was hoping for fruit flavor
Dislike the lemon scent
Horrible tasting...but smelled great & arrived fast
packaging is good...flavor could be stronger
Pods rupture. Never happened before. About 25% loss.
Apparently just not my cup of tea.
It was melted upon arrival but it is chocolate and it is summer 
Ok but weird flavor combinations, have not used much of it
Pricing should be lower.
Some of the chips was old
Hav been using for a few yearslike different flavors-handy if pressed for time
Good but expensive
Did not come with the letters stickers or a pen to write.
Price should be lower
Nice shortbread cookie, but little to no key lime flavor :/
These were okay, I recieved them the day they expired unfortunately so my kid could only eat 1
I really do not like this brand of instant miso. The hunks of tofu do not taste real.
Taste is okay. Some packages in mine were open and stale
Not really much watermelon flavor but I guess it`s what I expected.
Not what I expected.
Not what I expected. Too small. Taste not bad
do not expect them to taste like lucky charms, bland
I found another product
Taste is okay, but they clump together.  It is tedious to tear the clumps apart.  Will not re-order.
Smaller than it looks
Little salty for me, it pours out so fast I have covered the holes to receive just the amount I like
Salty as heck! You have been warned .
I like soft chocolate.  It tasted like wax.
Item of 40 snacks was delivered on September 30th and the entire box expires October 4th
Every can in the case is dented.
Only problem is not really cleaned well
Seems fine except that in the power up Omega that I received last month the Almonds had stale smell
"It is definitely natural, my husband and daughter do not like it because it is ""too watery"""
had a bit of a funk.
Popcorn did not pop all that well, but the smallish kernels were tasty.
It is not so sweat
Nothing super special - clean water at least! I miss glass bottle panna :(
Check out the manufacturing date. October, 2020. It is not expired but 15 months old...
Flavor do not last long enough
They all taste the same
Arrived,I feel misrepresented by the company and the cost of 6 little fun size bars.
Price is good but they were stale.
Good product, just too expensive to use on a regular basis.
The quality and degree of ripeness is inconsistent.
Disappointed. Consistency good but taste not much like the real thing.
Expensive but good product
Not as I expected.  They are fresh but not as spicy.
It was a little weak compared to Meijer brand, but being organic makes it worth the difference.
Not very with this. Do not like the taste of it
Very subtle flavor. I would have liked for it to be a little stronger.
Decent flavour but not hot at all Would recommend for others who do not like too much spice
The chocolate had melted
Read ingredients  before purchase.
Had a funky film on inside of bottles and it was as if color separated from water as of it was old
Not much licorice flavor
My husband said it had the spice he wanted but lacked flavor.
Weaker than expected.
no freezer pack enclosed!! This is Arizona after all!!
Order was canceled and then delayed the next time. When delivered, most of the content was broken.
Used as reward for school.  Embarrassing to hand out expired treats.
"I feel that this pasta lacked the ""from the sea"" flavor that I was hoping for."
Arrived squished and melted.
The kids did not seem to pick any of them!
Ordinarily I love these. This batch was stale.
Box had been retaped up.
You have to attach these to the included stakes.
This is not premo product, I prefer them to be a lot smoother melt in your mouth.
Smaller than I expected.
Flavor not as expected
all cans arrived dented
Not sure the novelty is worth the price enough to purchase again.
Mine was dead, pretty much, with brown smelly water.  Unreal.
Kind Of expensive for what it does
I tossed out a bag they were not spouting
A case of bent and dent cans with two cans of raviolis mixed in.
Do not like the texture
Ate two cookies and threw out the rest. Dry. Unflavorful.
There are no directions as to how long to cook in a microwave
That is quite a bit of the bottle to brew the tea
Was hoping I would get the reaction that the 1-star reviews gave  not so 
Only 9 Bars. Was supposed to be 12.
Fragile - one bottle lid broke in transit, leaked in plastic
Candy was smooshed, melted, and some were not fully sealed. But hey, it is candy.
The flavor was not as robust as I was expecting.
did not like the texture
Notified manufacturer. Several packages had what appeared to be blue mold on the bisquits.
They came in an envelope,  crushed. Crumbled. Flat.
The green jasmine is too mild to be noticeable.
Fast shipping. Some came broken, but I did not need 24 anyway.
...but not all the hype.
One bottle was leaking and both boxes fell apart as soon as I received them
I love them but they are so expensive 
Arrived in 4 seperate boxes as individual six packs.
What do you expect for five bucks a pound? Coffee that tastes like you paid five bucks a pound!
Not what I expected,
Not as soft as the other flavors
Only had 5 boxes in shipment.
They are came back
These taste ok but the flavor is on the weak side. I probable will not order them again.
Not what I expected. It was so sticky it stuck to the wrapper.
It does in a pinch, and has a long shelf life.
The chocolates i received were slightly lighter in color. Seemed old.
Good chocolate disc. Expensive!
Could not really get into the flavor. I like savory but this was kind of weird.
Rather weak taste, especially in hot beverages
They could change the variety I get the same flavors every month
Not my favorite kit food tasted bad
Too spicy and lacks depth of flavor.
Overpriced....sour apple....caramel melted/slid off apple.
Its canned chili.
I love these pops but it sucks when you o ly get 3 flavors instead of 5
Does not really work for me.
Just was not the flavor I was hoping for
May need to experiment in adding some items to this.  Thought it was a bit bland, but very edible.
a little bitter but better than the junk office coffer.
No extra cherries
It is a nice little set but the pepper grinder is very hard to turn clockwise.
I did not realize there is a refill element to be replaced.
One of the bags were open and the other two were crushed
"Its not ""Amazing"" but not bad."
Good but expensive
My order arrived today and the box was damaged on both ends.
It will work for keto.. Its different.. Especially if you are using the Nutella before
One of them came unsealed and leaking so I had to throw it out.
The taste takes some getting used to, but it is tolerable.  It does the low acid job, though.
Not really soft peppermint
It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absence!
These are fresh, and flavorful but NOT LARGE!
Was supposed to be a 6 pack but received 5
They were too spicy
Very strong and smokey. A little bitter but it grows on you.
a little old. some had that white tinge of old chocolate
Itty bitty cookies and overpriced
These were not sour
Nothing to rave about...
got what I expected
This is ok but has a bit of a strange texture and taste. Not sure I would buy again.
Does not taste the same they must be cheaping it use to really taste the chai
The Sooji did not brown well and tasted like cardboard. Will not buy this brand again. But Deep.
The fig flavor is essentially buried by the excessive sweetness.  Way too much sugar.
Trying to find a replacement for sugar, this is not it.
Bought for daughter and she did not care for the flavors.
Mediocre. Like the brand in Koger more
I just did not like this product
not like the lemon or lime
I personally like the Iced Vanilla Java better. It tasted weird to me.
They tasted fine, but too expensive
Should have been a pack of 3. I  only received one.
Just wish the bag was resealable
Not for me. I did not care for it.
Cannot speak to freshness or flavor as was not able to as he lives in New Hampshire.
It was tasty and pricey for the amount .
First time trying this one, flavor not what I expected. Will try others in the future..
Great collection, I just hate you only get 6 cups.
Not Enough Vanilla Flavor
interesting product, very small portion for price
"not ""fresh roasted, ? if it is real Huehue, ok but expensive for what it is"
I like the flavor but cannot afford the shipping.
Taste completely different, from the one in stores
We loved this coffee, but it was expensive.
Very tasty, but very little bacon in the package. Not worth the cost and lengthy time for delivery.
I expected the cinnamon sugar to be sprinkled on the outside and it is baked into the inside
Just bought this in Hawaii for 1.99. Made it and it tasted just like the Luau dessert
Yuck on the color and added ingredients
The box was so cute, but the chocolates were not great. A little chalky.
Almonds are big and look great. They are tasteless. Probably will not buy again.
The package was leaking.  1/4 of the honeycomb was dry.
To thicken my dogs water a bit
Several cans arrived damaged, likely from being frozen and unfrozen during storage or shipping.
Rice is rice . What was the issue was the short date to expire
In the newly purchased bag, after 2 days 2 oranges turned whitish green.
It is Mentos gum. The juicy center is no longer there.
Ordered on 1/27/17, received on 2/16/17. Enough said.
These were definitely not worth the money nor the wait. However,  taste is not bad.
It was not fresh when arrive, the other that I order before this order was very fresh....
The pulp is chunky I have to filter it! Will not buy again .
Great on chicken but do not go too heavy, can be too spicey then
these are just like the almonds you buy in the store,same consistency nothing specail
Kind if dry and tasteless.
Cinnamon flavor is almost non existent...
Six packages came only five had product inside.
Product is really expensive. However these chips are my favorite, no doubt.
Some of the cans were bent but usable. One had opened up during shipment.
We were expecting a gourmet cookie and the flavor was flat
I do not find this product tasty nor that it brings any extra energy. My experience
Did not care for the flavor or the value. Kind of expensive for what you get.
Too lean and dry for lamb
$ 10 can find a 4.5 ounce pouch  This is $ 9 for 2.5 ounce no thanks
Most of the bag was in pieces/all broken.
the amount is smaller than I thought.
Bought for  Friends  saved them money
The chocolate was melted!
It really does have various positives, but flavor is not one of them.
I use it as a back up for the holidays. Do not care for the flavor.
"I thought this brand of ""dark"" brew would be stronger than it is.  It is OK, but not great."
Just noodles with spicy seasoning.
Look at oz. In description before you buy!
Was looking for finer grains
Not much flavor, mainly just eggs and a little mayonnaise
Really like this tea, but I found it cheaper locally.
Dislike the casing in my opinion the casing were too thin.it kept busting
Very strong flavor like an old boar; artificial tasting. Not a fan.
The flavors smelled nice. The cap are a little sensitive and the bottles are really small.
Box arrived open and one sachet missinG
product was good but tasted bit stale to me .
Do not know how habanero can have NO heat
It is too watery, not really that much flavor. I used it to put in my cereal instead of milk.
Not a fan of the taste
Lot of bad nuts in the bag.  The good ones are tasty.
Cannot tell the difference between these and the regular ones all taste the same
King Joe is unnecessarily bitter.
I used it with seltzer, not great, but okay.
the chocolate chips pool together making it taste off
no peach flavor Will not buy again
this is good,but i thought i was buying ginger beer
It has a good taste but a little too hard to bite.
The flavor was no better than basmati and the price is much higher.
They are not very sour.  Fruity, yes.
Love the taste but it is quite expensive for how much I use in a batch of chili.
This was too caked up in the bottle could not get it out
Not my cup of tea (or cheese). Was not gross just not something I would eat on a regular basis.
It is no Starbucks or Petes but it gets the job done.
Was not the flavor that I expected.
The kid will not go onto jar
This big bag was basically all Milky Way. Luck of the draw? Maybe....
"Expected more than subtle notes of mocha...for a Starbucks coffee headlining a title, ""Mocha"""
Eight out the twelve cans had a dent in them.
Granola Cups  - Dry and not very flavorful. Not my cup of granola.
to expensive .not worth the money .for that price you can buy prime rib
Not a great box. Too many little candies for the price.
Porduct was liquid, not solid.
We like the ingredients in this gum, but this batch seems to loose flavor REALLY fast.
Too sweet and hard to mix by hand.
There are 8 or 9 packages, and they are only dated two months out.
Came all clumped up and does not taste anything like Parmesan cheese.
my daughter eats these...
damaged crumbled
While I like that it is organic, I dislike the taste, and the sugar content.
thought it was the large size but not so. small sprinkle jar
Chips seem to always come smashed
The product  appeared old
Because the wrapping is tight, the flavor and freshness was good, the size is a bit small
porch pirates hope you choke
All the flavors taste suspiciously similar.
needed to be thinner
Way overpriced, but like the product. Shipped from Costco. Save the money and buy direct.
Pieces are very dry and and taste off from the same product purchased in grocery store
No taste of Hollandaise sauce at all!
This gum is good but sticks to your teeth.  Since there is real sugar in it that is no bueno :(
Cute, not top quality and obviously small.
This brand of hibiscus tea was not as flavorful as some others that I have had.
i likes this meat, but never once have i actually gotten 16 oz.  average would be about 12.
I eat it, of course
Not what I expected
Very strong in flavor. Lots of broken beans
They were burned.
Too Sugary especially when you are at the half way through.
the lack of thickness makes it hard to keep on a chip. very salty flavor for our tastes
So-so across the board. For the money it is okay, but nothing to write home about. Seemed weak.
Good taste but bad after taste bitter.
They are what you would expect, if you had them as a kid then you know what I am talking about
Beans were too oily, therefore could not use it in the super-automatic espresso machine.
Dessert with a cup of.Coffee
This is too thick and it is got too much fiber for one serving.
You get what you pay for!
No much food in it
The expiration date was 2 days later.
Would not recommend.
I did not like the smell
Did not receive the amount it said
lite yet brought my diabetic sugar levels way up...
Product was very soft, I would have preferred if it was a little harder to keep shape of mold.
I wish I could get only the flavors I like instead of assorted.  Price is also a bit high.
only 3 stars as they are only 3.89 per box at Albertsons
This coffee is comparable to what you might find in a break room.
It is not the one that I was expected.
No Comment on the product. Do not know if it works or not.
Adorable. Fun to make, but the kids hate the taste
The peanut brittle is very tasty.  The packages are too small.  Would buy the larger bags.
Not very yummy. Just taste very burnt. Not enough salt.
These are small and had a fair number of broken cherries.
Look at the sugar content before you buy
Spongy and dense. No real carrot flavor
$9 for two samosas is a total rip off
Came smashed up.
Did not like the flavor of these at all.
Order this product often and noticed the expiration date is within 30 days.
My wife likes this coffee. For the life of me, I do not know why.
I was expecting garlic with olive or soybean oil
Too salty for my tastes.
Seeing the dentist Monday to repair damage
It is OK, found by using a small slow cooker for all night cooking it make it right.
Not what I expected
Bought this because it had zotz in it and recieved  no zozts at all
Tasty but kind of hard. Be careful with dental work.
Some would like it, just not for me
Not bad but definitely more on the bitter side compared to your typical green tea.
Too acidic for my taste.
I cannot answer its a gift
They were only half covered in caramel
The flavors are not equally split up. Over 20 of the maple brown sugar and 7 cinnamon apple.
It was ok, not great
Just not my taste, not the product fault
Not as Ginger tasting as I hoped.
Lite and acidic, not a desirable combination.
192 creamer packs that expire in two months.. Will not reorder..
This item melted into a solid block. Should be shipped differently.
I did not realize it was totally unprocessed.  How do I get the bits and pieces out of it?
No issue with the taste and quality. The issue is the pies are all beaten up. They are smashed.
Expected a salty nut
A little crumbly, no too fresh. Some of the packages were split open on the seam.
It is too coarse to use in Filter coffee
bag was not sealed.
Do not like the after taste. My kids will not even drink them.
I mean it is okay but of course not for this price....
Perhaps I did not read closely but thought they would be larger.
No nitrates please
The flavor is much lighter than before. Not sure what has changed
Tasty cookies but broken lots of crumbs. Not suitable for gift giving but I liked the taste.
a lil difficult to actually get on the apple but taste good
prefer Philadelphia cream cheese
Small portion size (good for me). Quality just okay. Very expensive.
Not very taste to dry i made tacos.
They taste like those animal crackers in the red box with the sting
Great flavor, but very stale. I gave it as a gift and was embarrassed after tasting.
They were slimy...
Tasty, but a bit mushy
package came damage..leaking cans
Much too small for the price
If you are not picky with your coffee.
One of the worse tasting sugar free chocolate i have had. pity!
Drier than I expected so they will take longer to create the extract.
There was not much in this stocking for the price.
Tasty but not much for 2 servings. Served over zucchini noodles.
Warning!Warning! They will kill you! You will become part of your toilet.
I got sick after eating these I do not know why but other then that there pretty good
Was satisfactory
We received these with only 3 days until they were expired.
Most of these just taste weird. You might like them, but not what I was looking for.
Damaged pods across all boxes
That package was smaller than expected for the price but they worked for what I needed!
Much Much smaller than expected.
Too spicy for me, have to wrap off some of the seasoning.  I am a wimp with some spicy foods!
To salty use for snacks
Very average Nothing special about it
Fresh produce typically lasts 3-4 days, but this spoiled 48 hours after delivery.
not much taste. did not like texture
Same flavors, in a pattern. Please add more variety and re-release. Disappointed.
Mashed potatoes had no flavor
The flavor is more bitter than dark chocolate and the bag was slightly melted.
Two of my containers were busted open
Flavor was good but most of the chips were broken and difficult to use with dips
Ketchup is fine, but lid was broken.  It is made the last several weeks difficult...
I know jerky is kind of tough but this is really bad... good flavor but really tough
My husband wanted this for his percolator. The coffee seems fine. Not sure if he likes dark roast.
It tastes salty.
It smells and taste's like what I would describe as dog food perhaps.
First little it comes with weird flavor and next is okay
They were not as I remember.
I like the flavor but, the longevity... :C
Did not care for this.
Really had no great flavor
It is made of cardstock
Arrived all crushed up.  Used as a casserole topping.
dry and hard would not get again and I love fruitcake
not what I was expecting
"Not very ""lemony"""
Advertised a bigger bottle than received
It was overpriced for the money
I like this product but upset I had to throw away about 3 cups of cereal due to open containers
Meh.  Do not like the assortment flavors.
Fresh and crisp but a bit bland. I expected these to taste like Jimmy Johns Salt & Vinegar...
I have to use two tea bags for my mug where as I only need one Salada to get the same strength.
Not as robust a flavor as others that I have tried
5g protein - the same as other PB puff snacks found in grocery stores (like Trader Joe's).
Tried it on chicken legs but not wings in the smoker yet. I was expecting a little more flavor.
Too expensive for my limited budget. Taste is not as sweet as the regular ones.
Blah popcorn. Could not taste any salt or butter flavors.
Two of the four spices were identical.  I expected 4 different spices.
Not very high quality.  I could taste and feel the granular sugar in the chocolate.
Mild salty smoke flavor.  Casing is very tough
Still looking for a coffee that rival to Caf Crme, that I remember from my travels in France
Most of the candy bars were broken and crumbled on the end
The varieties of flavors all tasted the same.
Lacks flavor and goodness.
With different brand, Java chip meant had chocolate chips in it. This brand has none.
It is there if you look hard but it is kind of hard to see. Pretty though if you look close
nothing to write home about........will not buy again
One whole bottle came empty! There was no drink in the bottle and the box was wet !
Pretty bland flavor, it needs some added seasoning to be on point
"These are just ""ok"". Not very chocolatey flavored and the malt is dried up."
I bought it by mistake 3 stars because it is decaffeinated.
I was anticipating a different taste. TOTALLY MY FAULT.
Appr. 50 lb Capacity is misleading. it is one 8 oz pack.
Will not buy this ever again. So sweet and dry that it was not enjoyable at all.
I should have purchased the powder.
This was price gouging. Two tiny tiny jars of peanut butter arrived at my house.
You can get them way cheaper at the grocery store.
Showed the bottles packaged in a box.did not show up that way just 4 bottles wrapped in bubble wrap
It tasted nice,but did not help with any of my headaches.
Good taste but very expensive for tiny jar
Did not care for the taste and the jar is tiny.
They were tiny bits and fell apart into quarter-inch pieces.
From what I understood they were supposed to be the soft ones but they are not.
These are lovely when they are fresh. Mine arrived a little stale.
Arrived melted and it does not dry up
They took to long to arrive.  They were completely melted
Too spicy. If you use for a longer time, you cannot feel your tongue
Spoiled within two days
They are tasty but not enough caffeine.
i will go back to the bulk section in my store. 1/3rd. of bag was peaces not worth buying
I like the oil but the bottle cap was defective.....had to break
? Was gift to someone 400 miles away so no idea
Not as flavorful as I had hoped.
This was ok, very flat, plain and not fancy at all.
The taste is good, but it melts too fakely.
iT IS TOO SALTY. i HAD HOPED to have one whole bag, but it came in several small bags.
Maybe it is just me, but seems to have an acidic aftertaste. Drinkable; would not purchase again.
Came in different containers, seems like they were not the same
Great Product Horrible Shipping and Handling. Boxes came banged up and unsealed packages .
They were moldy and rotten.
It taste nothing like guava
To small, many difficult to open, will not buy again.
They do not taste like the figs I remember finding at the store as a kid.
Tastes like the dairy counterpart but sweeter and, of course, not as creamy.
its not guaranteed overnight
A little too sweet and not enough spicy.
Allergy statement on package indicates may contain tree nuts, not made in a facility ...
When I opened the bag, there was enough to feed one bird.
Cans were dented and generally beat up.
CANNOT WAIT TO USE THE SEASONING. FOR MY STEW.
I did not expect cookies to be so big.
Pure corn syrup. Ok for fake Carmel
Received box with an empty wrapper completely sealed
Kids got a kick out of it but after tasting it they left them lay.......
Not too fond of these!
They were just as promised and arrived on time
Very subtle flavor and not as carbonated as other sparkling waters - pleasant though
The merchandise came on time with some top pieces broken.
Works in a Pinch.
I received only 1 bottle of Agave instead of 2 as described.
too expensiv for the quantity you get..
no a fan of the taste
Tasty, but not as tender as I would hope.
A little high in price for OLD Hugs.
Could be fresher.
Need to work on my taste buds to like the low carb bisquits and pancakes
No comment at this time
Left an aftertaste.  Prefer the regular vanilla.
So fishy This brand may be an acquired taste
These were very tasty but a tad hard.
I need a different brand that has far less salt.
I am using it but it has a slightly bitter taste.
Cute but tastes bad
Standard nori sheets that are for rolling sushi or whatever. The flavor you would expect
Returned. Did Not know i had to assemble them myself.
One of My fruit cups had leaked and the box was wet and messed up
If you like sweet,this is not for you
These are fine but they are very small. They are like communion cups for ants.
It tastes kind of weird.
I found it poor to just OK. It was grainy & not smooth!
These will take months to see any future product or growth
Salty for our taste, but we are plant based and do not add salt when we cook.
They should be bigger I say
Box is large and the doors are difficult to fit open.
It is tasty but not anywhere close to what they have in an actual Red Robin
The label does not have information on country of origin.
Expiration date issue.  Like the bars though.
some candy packs had pez pieces that were soft from moisture or something
Use this item when I am unable to buy the box of Quick Cook grits.
It all tasted the same.
Did not expect the size of a regular kitchen tin, but these are mini
Great...only 3 stars because of the pumpkin spice flavor.....just say 'no' to pumpkin spice!
Did not like some of the flavors
The chocolate is unremarkable, and they were lumpy.  Wildly overpriced.
They are ok - but a bit weak on a robust coffee experience
This product has a very short shelf life.
I love this Jerky and frequently purchase locally.  These packages seemed to be drier than usual.
Yet to use it in enough applications. Unremarkable properties so far.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Be careful with this my friend was not because they did not want to read the instructions
The headline says it all. The jerky tastes like dirt.
The texture is grainy compared to peanut butter.
The product does what it says, but, I do not like the smell.
It might be Organic, but this does not have the aroma or taste you would expect from Coffee.
Reduce the price, please.  Otherwise I will buy it elsewhere.
Buy from Walmart
Way smaller than I expected. But I am not a collector so I do not know if size matters.
Can barely taste the wasabi
No real coffee flavor to me.
It has a coconut flavor to it. Not sure I really like the
These were old and stale price was good  for a reason would not buy again ever
I feel this is a bit overpriced.
A bit weedy for my taste.
Disappointed with this product. Nido is taste better (  better value as well).
Smaller then thought and had a leak from somewhere on the package...
Taste was okay but definitely too expensive for what you get. Will not reorder this product.
BITTER AFTER TASTE
The bags I received had holes along the side and millet was spilling out into the box.
Nice, square, brown, easy to measure cubes.  Been too expensive for years, not just the past year.
BUYING AN OIL WITHOUT KNOWING THE HARVEST DATE IN ADVANCE IS LIKE PLAYING THE ROULETTE !!!
Expired for 5 Months.
Not too fond of the flavor.  Almost a minty undertone.  Do not think I would order again.
These things are flavorless.
Is not glycerin glycerin?  What is to say?
They all were melted 
it appears bigger in the pics than in reality
This was a little too sweet for my liking.
The box was open in the bag and half the berries were in the bottom of the bag.
Eh, thought it would be sweeter.
Bruised from where they pulled from the vine.
Not enough snacks for the money
good novelty item, but too expensive for daily use
I would prefer to not purchase this again.
It was not the flavor I wanted.
I love this salt, but the lid is loose so it is messy.
Not the winner that I thought it might be.
It does go with Zweigles' white hots. But it is not exactly what I was hoping for.
its alright, did not like the smell
Could be a little wetter and more flavorful, but not bad.  I use it to make Buffalo Chicken salad.
Not the thickest. Can be used if it will be handled with care.
Wrapped like a brick of weed. Really crushed the product.
Beautiful but Nasty taste
They all taste the same and there is A LOT of mystery flavor.
four of my cans were popped
I just did not like a lot of the flavors. Too off for my taste. I like variety just not that far off
One of the jars arrived unsealed.
Tastes like butterscotch. No peanut flavor.
It was to spicy for me
Flavor was okay, but not great
it is a little weak to my pallet and I have to make certain it punctures before starting them.
some of them were mashed
Would have given 5 star but reviewed smaller slab then what was posted
This was just me, I could not get use to the texture n no creaminess
They are not what they use to be in the 70s when I lived in Vienna
Have not really noticed a difference in smells around the house.
They were pretty good a little stale though
Item was damaged but box was not!
Lived where there was an abundance of Greek restaurants and never had peas on it.
I thought was getting a bigger package. There is like, 5 olives in there.
Tastes like dehydrated milk, not very creamy i am going to.  I would rather not buy this again.
taste is tolerable
I did not notice a difference in how I felt after drinking this coffee versus regular coffee.
Looks like it is mostly honey, and quite expensive
Got item today l. Product leaked. The color that I am suppose to use leaked.
Tasted like blueberries, not oatmeal and raisin.
Love the drink but it is too expensive. Can get it cheaper somewhere else.
Unfortunately product came damaged. I am not sure if it is safe to use.
About 3 almonds per bark.
Tasty, but way too oily, after baking.
Product was stale but flavor was intact. Wish it had been more crunch..
Cans used to have opening tab. Not on last shipment
Bitter taste, no one wanted to eat it
Not sure if i can use this product, it arrived very swollen.
Was not a fan of the taste.
Item open upon receipt. Could not try. Seal was undone.
The first one I opened--ranch--has an odd and maybe just starting to turn rancid taste.
Buy lean body from labdra instead.
Arrived with broken bottle , taste was OK , color was not the same as the photo.
It is close, but not the same. It does not have nearly as much flavor
It is so so to me!
Flavor does not last but a few minutes. I ordered the mints but I received gum.
Just over 1.5 pounds, and that is with the packaging.
Not  Coconuty enough.
These had a nice variety but a few of the k-cups were completely empty.
Popcorn is fine but serious delay in some called prime shipping. I know times are tough but really.
I did not enjoy my purchase as I have in the past. It seems to have changed; too many tiny pieces.
Many came crushed into small pieces
Bland taste so I added a natural sweetener.
I was icing a wedding cake and was limited to four boxes of the product; which was not enough.
There are only about 6 pieces in the bag. You are paying about $1 per piece.
I am not sure if I got a bad batch, but it tasted REALLY watery. Great price though!
Reminded me of unflavored sparkling water. Tastes... Pointy.
Product of China?
OMG it is hot my mouth still burning after 20 minutes. Waste of monwg.
Packaging intact, but almost 7 out of 10 of the capsules dented. Sample photo attached
Bland flavor but made nice fluffy pancakes. Would not buy again.
I WISH I COULD GET A LARGER AMOUNT OF THESE AT CHEAPER PRICES.
Have not tried it. But both cans arrived dented.
Monk fruit tastes way better than this crap. This was more expensive too.
Not enough in bag for price bought
This coffee has more of an acidic taste. I was not impressed with the flavor.
It should be smoked more....cannot even smell the smoke.
Not to my taste,
Gummies took a long time to come & 3 out of 5 were smushed making all of them sticky
They were in 94 degree heat!!!  Yeah there stail
I could not tell it if worked or not.
Did not taste fresh, odd taste.
Occasionally they show up close to expiration date.
Used these in wedding favors, exactly as I expected.
Purchase it to mix it with our dog food
Quality product, I just did not like them like I thought I would.
Seemed rather bitter and I would not order it again.
One bottle was fine but the other bottle was spilled open everywhere.
Not my cup of tea, pun intended . I did not care for the flavor .
Wayyyy to salty but still yummy!
The quality was not an issue, I bought it for a gift but the person did not like marshmallows.
I thought it was larger
I did not like the texture of the noodles. It just was not for me.
Love this....but so expensive!
drinking it now, still waiting for the taste to come
wish the color of the rings matched the car colors
The taste was okay, but it was too thin and too watery. I will not buy again.
It is supposed to be Peaberry not Peabody, so I am hoping it is just a typo and not a knock off
Really not much taste and the texture is not like real noodles. For the price I would not buy again
Like the creamy spread.
Almost every can in the case of Meatloaf starter I ordered was dented.
I like the convenience and size, but it is too salty for me.
I thought bag would be bigger
It left a bit of a metallic taste in my mouth.
They did seem to enjoy it, but for $35 and looking at the picture, the package was very small
Taste waterish. I will not consider it as a beverage
Dented capsules. Taste the same
Had ordered for cats. They did not like them, and I do not eat sardines.
I like that these are high protein and have really nutritious ingredients but they are very bland.
The product is expired
could be fresher
I threw them away because nowhere on the package did it say actual meat was involved
It was a smaller then expected box.  It was what the product stated but i was underwhelmed
did not care for the flavors except the blueberry
Flavor was good. However they made me sick.
Some were wilted. Came in a box.
I cannot taste the tea. Will not order again.
The spiciness of each can carried from undetectable to uneatable.
Smells like cotton candy but does not really taste like it
It tastes alright, I mean for the price its fine.
Did not like hardness of chocolate
expensive to get big tea leaves... young tea leaf is far better
Two of them had mold on them when I opened them the day it arrived at my door
3 bags were open and one is  crumbs. Not worth it.
This chocolate is very good. I was very disappointed did not receive the orange got almond instead,
Was not quite the blue I was hoping for. Will make do.
For some reason did not work with our keurig
Not very sweet so use it only for baking.
Cinnamon taste to it, although cinnamon is not a listed ingredient.
Too dry not flavorful
you have to use a lot of it to get just a hint of the flavor
This is too Spivey and is runny, will not buy again.
Too Salty. Melts well.
Snack  would not buy again.
The flavor used to last a lot longer.
I really like this marinade/seasoning combo but damn it sure is expensive!
YOU definitely have to have a inpuired taste
Bought as a snack for camping trip, not much taste but fills a void
I only liked the mango and lychee variety, but there were only few in the box.
Expires 8/2. Received it 7/2.
I felt the energy boost but the flavor has an after bite!
When finally opened they were stale,?but kids ate the all
A like the taste
Just OK.  We mix it with wok cooked veggies and thinly sliced beef or pork that was grilled
Love this brand but not available in larger, value sizes is disappointing
Not Made in USA as advertised. If it is not made in USA then do not say so.
Did not work for pain as we would hoped
On their merritt they were good;however, I had something else in mind when I purchased them.
I just do not care for the taste, but only tried vanilla.
These are not what I thought they were they taste nothing like chicklets
Beware its NON returnable.
It did not come in the pot that it was not in the picture
They were melted when we Gotham I had to stick them in the freezer AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
Made in China, so automatically knocked 2 stars off for overpriced.
The bottle in my local Kroger store indicates they are a product of China
One of the cans had a large dent. Too bad as it is a good value.
They came smashed and the container split open and not fresh
Short shelf life. Expires in July received in May.
Too sweet for me.I add some plain oat to mix up.
My grandbaby loves these noodles as she calls them
Smaller than I thought it would be
flavor a little plain, needs more sweetness and chocolate flavor
The candy canes were all melted two out of three boxes and inedible.
Was not sealed to dryness and humidity caused lumps.
Chocolate is good but the portion of each candy is disappointing
Just bought these at gelsons in Los Angeles
It was not as large as I expected...
the noodles turned gummy after cooking the lasagna in the crock pot.
could not really taste anything totally unsatisfactory cannot recommend
Not the best but not the worst
They are good flavor, but a little on the hard side.
You do not get very much for 39 dollars the bars are pretty hard and bland.
Product at some point was melted!
Did not dissolve well in an iced coffee drink.
Product was as described. Meets my needs.
I am not sure why but for some reason this sage Burns very quickly
was not my fave..good product, just not for me
I like the product aside from the fact a couple of cans were damaged.
It tastes like chemicals
Did not care for the flavors
The candy tasted good, but half the bag was chocolate and very few butter rum!
they use metal staples and hence compost unfriendly
The box on the ad says 12 one ounce packs but my boxes only had 10 packs!
Nothing to write home about, but I may be immune.
This is really expensive jsut for that amount but the taste is worth it so.
They were flat and not as fresh as I had expected them to be. Not really grade A prime quality.
It is a good product.  However, not sure I would call it spaghetti.  A little goes a long way.
Salt and vinegar was the only one that had taste according to the description.
Not alot of flavor.
The container arrived all dented in.
There is no way there are 640 oz in a package of 4 sticks, they are approx 8 oz per.
They seemed a little old
Made first batch. I am picky eater so I actually was not impressed by flavor. But that is likely on me
Too spicy for me
It arrived and still working on using it, hopefully soon. Ren
could use a larger amount dispensed per turn
Watch the expiration dates, I ordered in 4/22 exp is 12/22.
Cotton candy had no flavor.
These arrived damaged.
Some of the flavors are great, some leave a bad aftertaste.
My wife loves these things, but they arrived severely smashed.
Sorry, They do not taste like the original ones did. Way too soft and not chewy at all..
They were good but expensive.
Suckers tasted old
Batter is too thick. Not enough shrimp in the batter. Costco tempura shrimp is much better.
No way of knowing anything to make it like the packaged Mac & Cheese.
Product is to delicate and easily torn.
Tastes ok, kind of like baby aspirin but it have me the shakes, headaches and horrible diarrhea..
This tea seemed week in flavor. very carefully followed directions several times.
Not the freshest I have had.
Package was open and cans are missing.
Not as much in the box I was hoping for and not a large variety either.
did not like the way cooffee bag was flattend
I feel this product is too watery .
This came with the powder all over the inside of packaging.
I received only 9 packets in the box.
Not bad.  A little heavy on the cashews, but other than that they are ok.
Several of the cherries were broken and the juice was all over the rest of them. Very sticky
I do not like the flavor
Good crackers but lousy packaging.  A lot of broken crackers.
Kids like this cereal
Product was received damaged/broke open- no longer a sealed package
Received one box broken all in packaging box. It worked fine
Not enough hazelnut flavor to my liking
To many small broken chips
Flavor was not same as loose leaves tea.
Somewhat acidic tasting
Was smaller and thinner than I expected.
Tastes just like regular full sugar candy But why are sugar free candies sooo Expensive?
I like this product but fake sugars are not organic, or good for any body.
Not as fresh as I have had from other vendors
Love the price and quantity, but not sour enough for me! It was a toned down sour
I personally did not like the taste
I thought they would be bigger.
Excuse me, but for me I did not like that fondant, it cracks when it dries.
Not as flavorful as expected.
I wish they were larger.
I did not like the texture. Reminded me of plastic.
I am not sure why, but we found the same treat out of the tin tasted a lot better.  YMMV.
When trying to relive the glory of the creme savor days these seem to fall short.
Not bad, but not good. Much too salty and saucy for my taste.
I cannot read the directions because they are in a different language.
You get what you pay for.
Nice selection but a lot were crushed and crumbs which was kind of annoying but not too bad
Milder than Bragg's, but still tasty.
There was not really any cheese flavor.
It was almost expired when I got it.
Very dry and not very much filling in them at all.
The bag came to me full of air. They were supposed to be vacuum sealed. They were not very fresh.
It has MESSAGE , other than that its very taste
This is really not a true dark Rose
Too expensive. $2-3 more than regular Folgers.
They opened up in the box and spilled out!
One of the cans was crushed and empty when our order arrived
It is not as flavorful as I had hoped and does not go as far either.
Kind of bitter and harsh
Price are adorable but taste not good
Is alright tasting.
Over priced. I did not notice a difference in the amount of caffeine at all. Tastes alright though.
I only received 1 gar supposed to be 2
Worked well for making spring rolls. But received with many broken sheets.
a little weak but has a good taste.
I bought 2 cases.... atleast 6 in each case were busted.....
Where is the energy during my walk? It just does not get it
Just not very tasty.
This salt is not real course. To me it seems the same as kosher salt.
Not thick at all, very fragile
I prefer Yogourmet over this brand.
Little on the sweet side
Only wanted the ranch, bbq, and nacho cheese but had to buy the bundle
Every packet I have opened so far had to be opened with scissors,  Not very good for using on the go,
This is a Mini jar
I was not a fan of the flavor
The product has somewhat of a chemical smell.
Great flour, too bad it was delivered with holes in the bag.  Flour all over the place.
While the Amazon delivery box is intact, the product box/packing is damaged....
On the edge of being overripe.
I needed to use about 5 packs for a hint of orange when added to a glass of water.
Tha flavor is ok but it is uncomfortable to eat  because it keeps sticking to your teeth!
Expensive. A little too sweet for >my< personal taste
I bought this product but there not fresh ans so many little garlic
This was supposed to be roasted macademeum  nut oil for cooking
A bit on the salty side for me and the use of MESSAGE
Not enough taste
Not enough flavor to even recognize the taste
I received my order today and unfortunately one or more of the cans were damaged and were leaking.
Felt it was a litter bitter in the finish.
Product was partially opened when I received it
i will not purchase again
Tasted good but unfortunately it bloated me do I could not eat it.
Not bad for the price. It is a bit small and did not last long after purchase.
Lost 2 of my drinks after it leaked
They are small little wedges of sticks. The price was good but I could not get over the taste.
the candy taste expired and i was giving this to kids
They are smaller cans
These were very dry. Tasted ok if soaked in milk but hard to eat otherwise.
Okay taste, but expensive!
when to lift , box not sealed completely .  almost dropped on my foot
this made my girlfriend fat
I am sorry but this is runny and has no flavor. Just tastes like sugar syrup. The bottle is nice.
Title is deceiving. I do not like coffee only cappuccino and did not like this at all.
For the money- not impressed.  Treat ice cream and Mariannes is far better
Although I did not get this item, Soho has offered to refund my money.
Somehow dry, I am used to stollen being very moist but these were not
I could barely taste the flavor
Nuts are tough and grainy. Some are not so fresh. Price is not bad but quality needs Improvement.
If you are not ready to consume it within 24 hours, then do not buy
It is thick, probably rich in Yolk content but priced too high
Did not like, it is not like the one at the shop not the same flavor or taste !
Product was old candy corn should be soft it was hard
I like the flavor of this tea, but it is not organic, so I probably will not buy it again.
Tasted like nothing.  Had to add bouillon cubes to make soup.
Not my favorite.  Not too bad, just did not care for them that much.
The pack only had 45 packs, instead of the 50 it was supposed to come with.
The fruit basket did not look like what was advertised on Amazon.
One of the bottles came broken which made a huge mess.
I will stick to black English tea from now on
Mine arrived with 2 bars missing...very strange. The box came inside an amazon parcel
I bought 4 and I the package only came with 3
This will sweeten things up for you
Its alrighty noting speciam
They look cute but I received 3 broken peices.
These are too greasy/oily for our taste
This tea its ok but it does not taste really fresh! I can not taste the berry very much:-(
Open up the box and received different items then the picture
They are OK...not as snappy as I was hoping but they will get snacked away over time!
If these were as fresh as I have tasted in the past, this is a five star across the board
Cute, and reusable. Very expensive though.
This came 4x not 6x. It is four bottles not six..
Cooking the size could be a little bigger
Was not great but okay.
Tasted fine. But was small and costly. I will not buy again. Hard learned lesson.
The flavor is bitter, but I did not expect gourmet either.
The pieces were much larger than other brands and did not grind well into a smoothie.
These do not have the taste as the ones I remember. These were dryer and not as tasty.
The bag does not contain anywhere close to the variety of flavors in the product picture.
Flavor It had a bitter taste
Very tiny box. As pictured, it is deceiving.
I have not opened the jar yet it arrived damaged
Great freshness but after a few you get that carnival sick.  So sweeet maybe even too sweet
Delivered on time but was very pricey and last an after taste.
Candy was good but every package was melted into blobs of candy. Disappointing
will not order on line for this product.
adds an unknown amount of water and apple juice
Very dry and not very flavorful
Just dry but it tasted as advertised
Very tasty hard cinnamon candy but overpriced compared to what can be found in physical groceries.
I recd. the product today.I withdraw my earlier complaiont
Should be lower cost for the smaller bottles
Some of this coffee had a burned taste.
The flavors of these fell very short for me and was clearly not what I was expecting.
If you think a martini might just need a dash of lemon... buy a lemon.
the heat does not last , after a few months it looses the heat. bummer
was sad to see that these are 1/2 size bars. feel kind of cheated...
No writing on English. How am I suppose to make it if I cannot read it
These peas did not soften when my aunt tried to cook them. I do not recommend this product.
These almonds did not have enough salt on them to suit me.
All the candy taste the same.
However they will not stay connected I had to tape every single one......
Flavors were not like store bought at all
Gave it to my mom,
A gift is nice. These are a gift. Mediocre.
Not much flavor to it.
5 cans were smashed in box
Not very fresh. Kind of disappointing
The minty taste is not there. There also is a taste of like it was in a can.
Very heavy,  greasy. Flavor is OK,  but I will try another brand next time.
Planters could have added a little more of the Grey Poupon seasoning as I found them to be bland.
Tasty but at 35$ a lb I will look for something else to snack on.
This product arrived melted together. Not what I would have expected.
Smaller than expected
one bottle was spoiled, so far
Made flax seed gel for my hair it made my eczema flare up 
They tasted like regular chicken and nothing special. Not marinated.
Not too sweet but carmel flavor is a bit fake tasting. I would not purchase this again.
Not what I expected.
This is my favorite brand of tea. But this flavor was disappointing.
Severely lacking in flavor
Smaller than expected for the price
The grind on the salt is so fine it is hard to see it.
smaller package than I expected
Melted when received
have not seen any results yet
Arrived a day later than promised. Not the healthiest or big blossoms. Hope they last a few days 
Half of the flowers were fresh and half were limp and wilted
Do not waste your money they are gross
Not very grapey.  Not much flavor at all.
Did not care for it but my daughter loves it
Too spicy for my wife.
I have enjoyed these before, but this order was hard as rocks, aka stale.
Was our go to for pellets.  Now too expensive. Pellets themselves are fine
I would not buy it again.
I wanted to give this as a gift but the box had oil stains before the product was opened initially
It is good, but for the amount of the product it is very expensive.
It is kind of a weird texture and it tastes very watered down
like the product but one bottle broke and leaked in shipping
Did not taste the way I remembered it when I was young
When I received this item it was almost out of date.
I am not a fan of this.
Tastes ok. I do not like how tough it is. Aldis has a brand that is softer
Cookies were in pieces
Did not taste much different then other m&ms. Was hoping for a new taste.
Did not like the fact that some bags were not sealed and appeared empty..
Kind of has a weird chalky after taste... Just not what I was expecting and anticipating.
So-so.  Would not order it again.
These were somewhat oxidized and had an off flavor.
I loved the look but was disappointed that 5 of them were broken into many pieces
My husband liked them, but they were way too expensive.
Price is steep for quality of product, and amount distributed.
I just wanted pink pepper corn. I could not find any this was the closest I got.
Advertised as 24 packs, only received 16!
Not a fan of the flavor
Did not like at all, and candy balls are to big
DISAPPOINTED -NOT ENOUGH BEEF FLAVOR!  ADD MORE AND IT GETS A FIVE STAR.
Magnet is a bit off center so cover does not latch
Cannot rate this as it is a Christmas gift.
Need the lid? Once this is opened I have no way to reseal it.
Not bad, but not great. It lacked flavor. Not much to say.
It comes in 3 individual bags with no dividers so you have to just dump it all in together
Quite dry unfortunately. Not a lot of flavor.
The product was acceptable, but these are way over priced.
It mixed milk. That is why i bought it.
Its ok, did not realize is had fake sugar in it, was not prepared for that.
Food on flavor. I just wish it lasted longer!
Dose what it states
Damaged upon arrival
Does not taste like authenic tea you get in a Japenees restuarant
They are what they are
Got this for my brother to put in diffuser after making a tea of it for his baby that had a cough.
Not my cup of tea.
One of bottles is leaking olive oil within the bubble wrap
I id not like how they arrived oen busted up.
Took 3 packages to make enough for a family of 6
Very dry.  Not the flavor we are used to.
funny small size
Smaller than expected but it worked
not solid...feels light...does not grind as well as solid peppercorns
Old...very weak, not like the middle eastern stores. Our guess was it was old.
Just  a tad too spicy
The product received was out of date, expiration is 5/19/2021 which is on the bottles and the box.
The fabric is thin and tears easily
For what I paid for I expected the package to be bigger. I will not purchase this item again
The flavor is a bit intense, and the leaves are pretty small.
A little bitter, not enough cherry flavor.
It is okay, but a little bland.
they ae not crispy and chewey like they said. also had 2 go moldy in 2 days
Meh. Not too flavorful.
I think they are very expensive for the amount you receive.  The taste is good.
not the same as I wanted
Too salty for my taste
Goos simple emergency food
Not competitively priced
Like the flavor.
It looks really good for the price very small , but feels too expensive
It is little water down do not taste much like watermelon.
OK coffee.  Expensive for the 12oz you get.
Led me to believe it was like sunshine biscuit and raisin fruit bar looks the same.
Smallest cereal box I have ever seen.
Looked easier to use, but were hard to set because they are small and very light weight.
had to add flavor, was not enough maple flavoring.
It was okay not great.  I would use it again but it is not a good deal at all.
Fairly stale when bitten into. Not enough to fill a standard machine. Taste is not long lasting.
there is maybe like 6 in each bag.
Half the bag had burnt pieces. Plus they are dry and do not have much flavor. Meh.
not bad & not sure if it is me but I feel this has an after taste I am not sure I am fond of.
Was ok but tortillas stale tasting.
it is crisco vegetable oil, what do you expect
A little too soft and sticky
The suckers taste good but they are smaller than I expected
Son loves this coffee for the morning kick  A bit pricey though..
They are alright.
It seems a lot of sugar
Does not taste same as the pods.  It is not the same coffee.
A thank you gift along with Persian cucumbers and tomatoes.
Not enough for the price
I ate these and they did not bother me, but if you are looking for flavor I do not recommend
Easily clogging the coffee machine, water very slow dripping, almost like the pod is plugged.
Not going to say much, but not very good. Very tart.
Packing better so no breaking. Hard to get so when I only recurve 1 that was ok disappointing.
Great chips but too expensive for such small bags!
This cereal has a strange after taste.
Received product however it was only 2 flavors. Was expecting all 3. No beery received.
Not much flavor. Too bad. Kind of pricey. But wanted to try
Arrived in damaged box. Inside box with cans was open on one end.
Daughter loves it
"The box features six flavors. The content only contained five. No ""melon."""
A little to course and dry for me.  But I am sure some will like the product.
Almonds have a lot of flavor but is way too salty.
bought two different times but taste was not consistant
That salt was clumped up had to break it up to pour
Smells like manure when you brew it and does not have the kick I was expecting
These tasted old as if they sat in a warehouse
The quality of the ingredients and taste was not as I expected for the cost of this item.
Arrived as expected
it has a bitter taste but not the taste of bitter chocolate
The red stick is gone. -2 stars.
Will not buy again in summer one chunk of chocolate melted together
Did not receive rosemary.
The heat is there, I cannot deny it, but it lacks flavor.
Not as flavorful as anticipated
I had ever had pomegranate juice and wanted to try it. Found that I do not really like it.
Not as tasty as Solo
Was not a fan of the flavor
Packaged good. Firm cracker with slightly less flavor than Ritz crackers. Nothing bad or special.
Really strong artificial sweetener taste.
I cannot use 2 cans they were too damaged
Some samples too tiny
Obviously this chocolate had been sitting around for awhile.
The flat bread were  stuck together.  Fell apart.
The brownies came out dry. The flavor was okay.  Not worth the money in my opinion.
Prefer French roasted but that is my personal preference
The meal was too greasy, did not taste mediterranean to me. I will not order this again.
I did not like them, just was not for me
There are 50 whoopers and the rest are the reeses cup, etc.
Tastes like the bag it comes in. Needs a different packaging.
They are close, but they have to find a way to get rid of the burnt taste.
Flavored cardboard.
you have to use 3-5 packets to make a 12ouce drink
Pepperoni taste plain, cracker 4 slices it should be fresh taste
This candy stains your hands really easily which is not good.
Pretty messy inside the jar
It is cheaper than the original at least.
not a big fan of the red popcorn...I did like the purple way better..have yet to try the blue.
The Sugar Babies were melted together indicating that they had been sitting for awhile
Yuck!  These were discolored (faded white), cracked and not fresh.  Cannot recommend.
Just ok not great...
These were not too tasty and had a bit of a smell to them
Compared to the fatsnax cookies, these are overpriced. Similar texture and taste though.
Every.......can.......detected upon receipt.
I am required to write a few words to meet the minimum character count, but really... Meh.
To be honest, I was not impressed. The chips were a little oily for my taste.
Has an after taste, maybe I just need to get used to it.
It was supposed to be 2 cans.  I only received 1
Flavor dissipates rapidly.
the price is way higher than in any other store...but the mix is excelent
Too salty but did give me a taste of home.
This tea is okay I did like it better cold but the overall flavor is week
I donot like the taste, it is too mild. You need to use at least two packages of it for one time
The bars are a little too sweet for my taste.
Bottles leaked all inside box
so dry and so little flavor!  texture is nice.
I wanted glass over plastic. But the double nixed bubble wrapped bottles did not all make it.
Tasty, but overpriced
Do not really taste the gram crackers
quite a bit of aftertast
Not worth it. Just buy the regular size ones. Other than that they taste just as well.
Not great but not bad either
I have never received these kernels with so many broken. I would not recommend
Wanted to like these, but not that tasty.
1/3 package contents are smashed
I have not used enough of it to evaluate.
The papaya pieces were snall in size.
This leaked in the envelope
Meh. Tastes like nothing and it takes 15 minutes to steep. I will not be buying it again.
Did taste the same as the marshmallows from cereals with marshmallows in them
VERY difficult to open  if you get lid off sometimes the cracker still sealed in the top ..
I do not know it was for a gift.
Only little in per pouch.
It is delish but I only received two. Thought I ordered three.
The coffee came with an expiration date 3 months out and the flavor was flat.
The bag was torn open.  Some spilled on my floor making a sticky mess.
Did not taste the same.
I just had the lindt chocolates sent to my aunt in Florida. They arrived melted and deformed
Not out of this world flavor
When compared to same product bought locally this product is not fresh.
Bottles are smaller than I expected.
I did not really like the other sauces outside the original one.
When I order from Amazon the bars look like this. Cannot find expressions date.
Good but to expensive.
A lot of sugar in each bar.
I did not like the salt  and vinegar on almonds
Def lime flavored but did not taste like key lime which I really wanted.
Good flavor....but  both boxed I ordered, in different packages, were broken to bits.
Really cute idea. I bought them as a gift and he said they taste really artificial.
Expensive but tastes good
Flavor of chocolate and pretzel is not  quality that i am used too.
The boxes were busted up, one was open, looks like someone had taped them together.
Not a variety pack.  All chocolate chip.
Tastes good, but too expensive
Not too fond of the taste.
Product is fine but cost is very high. Not sure why cost has at least tripled.
I prefer the bolder sesame oils like Shirakiku
This came overroasted from being delivered in packaging that did not protect from the heat.
These cookies were not double stuff as advertised.
Too tart, nearly inedible.
Not what I expected as flavor but its still coffee
The flavor is not as intense as other brands of butter rum.
Tastes like chocolate
The flavor was off
Least quality of kernels received.  Many broken kernels. Other shipments were mostly whole kernels
Great product, terrible grinder
I did not like the taste of the strawberry.
I personally did not care for the flavor combination. My least favorite thing by Hershey  so far
Not what I expected
Both packages were the same items, supposed to be 2 different types
Box was much smaller than I realized.
I added this to my French press caffeine process but the taste was not what I thought it would be.
This is my fave gum. But the package arrived open and some of the gum was smashed!!!
sweet but expensive... my wife said she will go back to Trader Joe.
do not llike the sea salt
Not very tasty, to much vinegar favor
We microwaved them and it released alot of liquid. Should have grilled them.
Better after second try. would not buy again, due to cost. Small portion.
Guess I waited too long to grow it.  Had no luck!  Will try again.
makes my mouth dry,flavor is good.will not buy again.
Tastes like fresh cut grass, stains my fingers and made my poop green. The things we do for health
I just did not like the way they tasted.
Not as soft and flavourful as purchasing from the grocery store.
its ok but not great
Much smaller amount per bag than other brands .
They came over ripe. Soft.
There was a place for the 6th but it was empty..
I do not notice any extra kick, and the flavor is pretty weak.
paper thin and bends easily
I do not some snacks including chitos
noy soft, falvor a little lacking
This team may be be caffeine-reduced, but there is still quite a bit of caffeine.
Product is not similar to frozen acai.  Going back to original...freeze dried is not my thing!
The product is crushed and I only am able to use like half of it now super disappointing.
I prefer my coffee stronger. I guess we get what we pay for?
A smaller version of tootsie pops.
Ordered the two pack but received one
Expensive, I can get something better locally. Almond favor was weak.
8 - 10 oz bags is 80 oz.  8016=5lbs change your description or send another lb!
Strong aftertaste, not good for tea.
Good flavor - not bitter.  But expensive because not concentrated
Watch out for the maltodextrin.
Provided heat but not very much flavor.
Less than $5 at discount stores... Update: China has so much fluoride in teas. Kills bone etc.
It seemed to took forever for shipping. It took almost a month.
They are really small and not very flavorful. Real light fruit taste.
smaller than the pieces that I buy in bags at the store.
These were good and just enough for the green beans small potato's w bacon dish that I make
Gave as a gift.  Box was open when received but all was still there
The flavor was good but they were stale when they arrived.
When I order the pack each time, one is cracked and spilled
Would like to try a different flavor
These are fine at first, but get softer and less flavorful if you keep them beyond a few weeks.
Had to try them. Not my cup of tea. Will not re-order
The monk fruit added nothing to the sweetness. Not needed
The price is waaaaay to high for this small bag I will not order these again what a rip off
Kind of artificial flavoring at times.....
These taste great but the bags are only half full. Not worth the expensive price
Cramps me up and works sometimes and not others
Arrived as ordered. I would prefer the various products be evenly mixed rather than layered.
If you know what Russian millet tastes like, do not buy this one. It does not have the same taste.
Bitter and tasted old!
I used them with a Mexican dinner .
I have had Kona coffee in the past and loved it. This one, though, was a disappointment
Different packaging than advertised. Appeared to be for a foreign market.
Never had dried mulberries before, so have no comparison. I expected more taste.
Tastes great toasted and otherwise tastes stale!
About  1/3 of each bag were all  melted together and they show signs of chocolate oxidization.
I find this coffee quite bitter, but I am sensitive to bitterness.
Each flavor of candy was clumped together as if it had been stored in a heated area
Kind of dry and lacks flavor. Maybe stale.
Bars arrived  chushed.
Ome package lost vacuum and became soft.  Other two were fine
It does not work for Keurig, had to punch in holes myself
creamy I am now trying almost every recipe that uses tahini, usda organic
Like this coffee a lot but it is not a bargain. Lots cheaper at Walmart or Target.
They are tasty, but way too expensive for how much you get. Also high in calories and sodium.
Intensely chocolate, coffee and sweet-over ice, add rum for brightness. Kahlua similar.
They were good.  A little hard for my taste!!
Real big.  Kind of messy with all the crumbs. Not much for taste.
Hard.. had a nauseatingly sweet taste
Only received one bag of pellets should have been 2.
They expire next in two weeks.  So I did not appreciate that they are expiring so soon
I remember this tasting way better. This batch was a bit on the bitter side. Not a good balance.
...burns the tongue, ever so slightly  not a fan
The quality of the chocolate used could have been better, some had a weird flavor profile
Would be 5 stars if organic!
Did not care for these but my friend did....
The photo is totally the difference from what you receive
Like I said It is gone already
2 cans had exploded in the box somewhere during transit.
Item as described but was missing a tag (which is the whole point)
Just trying it out and the texture was not to my liking.
Tasted like liquid candy. But it was different and I like trying different dew flavors
Kind Of disappointed. Not much flavor.
Not a lot of maple flavor, which is disappointing. The coffee is good though.
It is not really that flavorful.
Not enough chocolate
It is okay, but I can buy the same quality of tea if not better at my local Publix Supermarket.
Initial flavor is great but they leave a bitter aftertaste that I found unpleasant.
Red curry was alright, green curry stank. I am sticking with panang
Too salty not what I thought
I guess you get what you pay..
Wife wanted a cabin, all I could afford was campfire snacks
There is not a big variety..
One of the two boxes was torn open inside of the plastic packaging.
The taste of it he does not even compare to a regular balsamic vinegar it is weird it is sweet
leaves were ragged and rough. Not many whole leaves the bunch. will look else where next time.
It tastes sweet, but not much like ketchup and not much like curry. One of my dogs likes it though.
The first few I opened were very tasty but 2 since had fermented and I had to throw out.
Dislike price for size of merchandise
They arrived with each and every one smashed. Taste was as expected.
Olive oil is great.  Can is very difficult to figure out and pour out of therefore 3 stars
If you need a chocolate fix...this is for you!
I do not know how to use it...I tried and it did not work for me..
The coffee has a chemical taste to it.
It tastes ok but the cost is expensive.
Did not like the flavor
Brought back childhood memories but understand why not mainstream anymore..
Why is the can dented?
Did Not taste like the brand I always use to buy at Indian stores
Definitely not Snickers but edible
Makes exceptional cold brew.
Overpriced and it just gives colour to your popcorn, not flavour
Chips were broken up in most cans.
Very bland taste. Might as well skip the bun completely.
These are great but way to expensive. Crazy ...they are cookies ...
The package was torn when I received it.
Better than Dark Chocolate, just not sure it delivered on my expectations given the Godiva name
Tastes a bit like corn bread...but...$12.00 a loaf?  Ouch!
This is very very light. Way to weak for me
I like to drink  bone broth as a low cal snack but do not like the flavor of this brand
I expected a bigger bag.
We only received five (5) cans...please advise resolution
Instructions for crepes are only in French
Have not used it,  not what I expected.
It taste water weak and flavor light.
It says it is a one piece but I received 3 of them
when does taste take a backseat to calories
I think it is a little too coarse.
I did not receive the amount listed
Too much for 2 PCs only
Delicious! But very slow to arrive and I was disappointed to find MESSAGE among the ingredients.
A little dry,  but tasty.  gluten free is tricky.
Tasted like brown sugar. There was no distinction in the flavors.
Only thing I do not like is the flavor
This was to corse for the home machine  the kids have.
It was not as fresh as I though. very hard and chewy. will not buy again.JM
Not fond of this product has a different flavor to it.
S0% juice, 40% clams, after draining all the excess juice.
Typical spices with decent quality ...
When I used to buy Smyrna figs, they were ready-to-eat. Now I have to remove the stems.
They were not ripe.
Super cute but one came broken. Not very sturdy.
Wholefood sushi is decent, however, one pack of soy sauce is definitely not enough.
could be creamier. had to use a lot.
Tasty product and fun, too, as long as it does not arrive already broken (which it did).
Fast shipping but product does not hold firm of biscuit and taste like pancakes
Tasty, but different flavor than I, as an American am used to.
Did not really care for the flavor
Will not be purchasing again the tea taste like rice cakes.
could not taste favors
The item was delivered open
I LOVE 5th avenue, but this box was stale. I would have returned but one of my kids atr 1
Bottles do not stand up
This icecream had virtually no strawberries.
Clumpy consistency.
A little to sweet for my taste
Will try another brand
Not much of a mint flavor or smell.
Not the product that is pictured.
Not very roasted taste, but o.k.  I prefer planters
No nuts!  Only Carmel corn!!
Not the flavor as I expect. Plus, it is overpacked.
Like others have said the packaging is poor.  I has a nice flavor but not worth the price.
Not as tangey as expected.
Sweeter popcorn than what we are accustomed to. My son will not eat it
Literally looked like someone stabbed it, spilled everywhere
product was as advertised
I was kind of disappointed They were not very flavorful. But they were large.
These things taste like bugs,
Did not think the flavor was strong enough, tasted watered down.
Really dry and a little tough. This dish is best mixed with something moist. Not good by itself.
They are good, but not nearly as delicious as the Molasses Cookies.
I like the probiotics but use 2 bags for one cup.
This particular flavor does not have enough taste to make a difference in my bottled water.
It does taste like maple. but with a slightly different taste and too watery. I would not buy again.
I cooked some oxtails
She has braces, tried these, a no go for her
It smella like it was storaged for a while.
The package came damaged and the syrup leaked.
The product is great, but the price is ridiculous. I have a local source now for half the price.
Tastes like ground cardboard. Pretty sure it is that fake cinnamon.
Have not seen any changes as of now.. I have been taking this for three weeks now.
Same price as a gluten free bakery just smaller and less tasty
Unknown as this was a gift and will never know
Bag came with a hole in it, and is not returnable.
my favorite sweetener to bake with, its just so expensive for the amount you get.
For health reasons
What I was looking for, although watch out for caffeine levels in some.
The deal said 4 boxes, only 1 box with 30 box arrived.
Did there 30 regimen for kidney stone and no results.
bought it at Walmart. Not like the HS esquire vinegar I was looking for...and still am looking for.
They are good but too expensive for what you get.
I liked the coffee but was disappointed that it had no pecan aroma or taste.
Too expensive for what you get. Should have got the variety pack - maybe it would have been better
Has no taste compared to other brands of the same product.
Only four tea k cups.  Most of coffees and Hot Chocolate were weak in favor.
One was leaking in shipping and made a but of a mess but the other two were okay
They are soft not like other products but taste too old and with short expiration date.
My daughter told me they looked nicer than they tasted
Too expensive for the amount of rice you get but the quality and taste of the rice is good
I ended up liking both but did not like that you could not order just one flavor.
Over price for what you get.
I personally found this flavor lacking.
A little smaller than anticipated
Main ingredient is rice flour, not almond flour. Need a low carb version of this product.
It is what it is.
Good flavor but nor to flavor drinks too oily :(
Since I am Jewish I have eaten Challah my whole life. Not sweet or eggy.
These came all stuck together in a clump.
The coffee is bitter. Definitely would not purchase again
This product was very heavy, with coconut oil, although tasty, it was not as light as expected
The flavor is there but I felt like I had to use a lot to get the pineapple taste to come through.
Overall wondeful but the peas were a bit bitter, could just be this batch!
I just received 24 counts and the description said 48
Price was competitive but expiration date is within in week.
Trying to watch salt intake.  It seems they are not as salty.
Not enough valerian in it.  Buy Nighty Night instead.
Not as pictured. You do not get what there showing
But it does have lots of meat. Flavor is subjective so you may like it.
My husband loves these. But I definitely do not.
I thought the bottles were a bit bigger.
Leaking pods in every pack
I Needed to cut the hole bigger or it clogs up and all the sudden big squirt comes out.
Gritty. I only use it in baking. I DEFINITELY do not use it in beverages. Does not blend smoothly.
I was expecting pepper flakes and not a powder.
Three cans were broke open on arrival
It is tasty but it tastes like vanilla milk tea rather than taro.
I never been big on flavor coffee but when drunk alone it kind of taste like the real thing
Maybe put to much but was a little salty
Two cans were completely empty and destroyed. Looks like they were cut with something.
It is so salty. You cannot use enough to get the flavor without being over salty.
Please Date The Cans! And cans smelled rusty! 
It seemed like the product was too salty, and this detracted from the salmon flavor.
There were ALOT of the same character
extremely hot with not much in terms of flavor
Sort of over priced
Just sweeter than regular jelly beans
It is ok.  Not spectacular
Had to give them away because I did not find them palatable.
Gave for a gift to a new baker. Apparently she like them.
Gave this as a gift for my sister. She said it was in rusty. 
This plant has not bloomed yet, but has begun to sprout leaves.
Was not what I expected.  My grandson loves it.
Not spicy enough for me
Not what I expected but it was in the recipe. There is literally not one bit of spiciness to these.
Included one box that were not twists.
I did not care for the taste
I wish it was easy to claim that one of the 3 jars that I ordered arrived broken.
Did not like that one bottle came bent and that my order was left on the floor
I love these but they sell for 4.00 in the store same amount. I paid double. Was not worth it.
It seems to be okay. It is way too thick.
I Do not care for them , but my wife's a health nut
I wish it was a bit sweeter. I am used to the sugary stuff so it just tastes like meat
Tasted ok but very expensive. I will not buy again.
Bitter taste. Would not buy again.
Was not decaffeinated.
Needs To Be Sweetened Maybe With Honey
I was expecting a bigger bag. The bag is so little it will only last a few days.
Definitely buy them from Costco's next time the price is way too high
The candy is not the same. Some of the wrappers were coming off not worth your time or money
It is so thin. Flavor is pretty close considering it is not maple syup
must have misread was expecting microwaveable bowls
All i know is wife lves them
It was what was advertised but for me no flavor
They were OK not a good value for the money
Marked up: taste, quantity. Marked down: price, not sour enough.
I bought these but to me they are smaller, less flavorful  than the ones in the store at Halloween
Flavorless, consider a different assortment such as the bbq chips.
One can can damaged , it cannot be used !
It is a darker gold than I was expecting, almost bronze. It also never dried, even overnight.
Came with bottles all spilt out of package.
the berrys are a little bit bigger than a bb .. bought 4 lbs frozen from sams for $7.50 ...
one package came poen
2.5 pounds in 2 bins, no knuckles - all flats.  They have bin knuckle picked!
Just add hot water and get the favor and aroma of fresh brewed coffee but just to expensive.
These are pretty good but you have got to refrigerate after opening which is annoying
One pkg. 6.5oz for 9.50. This is a rip off
Have not opened the bag yet
I do not care for this one. The sauce is not very tasty. I do not recommend  this one.
Came in a wrap for a 6 pack but only 4 cans. Every can was dented, shortening the shelf life.
Have to put in a lot of stirring to get all the lumps out.
It was ok. Not worth the $50 I spent.
It was ok, unfortunately I am used to a little better.
they arrived all smashed, though packaging was all intact.
Tried it out in a few different cocktails, is not well balanced, a bit too biter
Price is unbeatable. But not much cocao taste.
This has quite a lot of hulls when cooked, I would not call this hulless.
Would like more if it was not so expensive.
It was a little to bitter for my taste. I love dark chocolate but this borders on baking quality
Thin sliced and much of it had holes in the bread Because so thin. Found better one at Aldi
Had trash in the product so it was discarded into the mulch bed.
Too expensive good flavor though
Not enough pineapple tasting,too much coconut water
kids like it but it is too expensive and much too much sugar.
while there were 100 cups and 10 different flavors there was not 10 of each
The flavor seems very watered down. The coffee is not strong at all.
has an after-taste
two watermelon and no berry as ad.
Product arrived melted and flat, freezing helped but you still have to scrape the wrapper off
Too big chunky. HAD TO GRIND. FOUND AT Walmart for less
White chocolate is definitely not coconut. Yuck.
Left a little after taste, so I stopped using it
Came in cardboard box with plastic bag split open and candy loose in box.
I did not like the taste. Will not buy again.
Unopened but it was only half full. Not sure of what it weighed.
Cardboard lightweight,  not too sturdy
Out of twelve cans four were dented
Seasoning various dishes; mainly meat
The taste was bitter
They tasted okay not great. Way too expensive. 16 TINY, only okay flavor cookies for $10
Did not care for the taste
Good, but they were very stale and shattered like glass when you first bite into them.
Not very much peanut butter. Almost like these bars are made for cooking
Not impressed  with the flavors. There was only 2 I liked.
This item is 'travel size'. Only contains 4 servings making it $2.75 a serving. Yikes!
I did not quite see that this package only had 20 sticks. 
It has a cheap/ WIC orange juice taste to it.
Sent to child away at school who loves the chocolate but giving 3 stars because it is a bit pricey.
Good tast but rather expensive for ice breakers gum compared to other flavors.
Not as hot as expected.
I love munchos but they were all smashed and broken when I got them. I will not order in bulk anymore
Toothpick too long
A lot of them melted when they arrived. I had to put the entire box to my fridge and left it there.
Flavor is lacking a bit in actual butter flavor, but it does work for popping popcorn.
Not a lot of flavor
They were just ok...honestly.
says they only stay fresh for 48 hours....unless I freeze them????  will not buy again sorry
Tastes like Snapple Strawberry Kiwi. Wish it came in the bigger bottles.
Will do in a bind if I am currently out of my homemade sofrito
One of the boxes were open and cans fell out.
It tastes like they are trying to hide the caffeine flavor
They all crumbled
I like the tea but it is much stronger than I expected
Children did not like any of them.
Rather biting aftertaste. Prefer Lipton decaf tea.
It was ok.nothing fancy,not extra frosting.just a cake.kind of dry!
Nasty Taste but good kind of
I do not like the snacks
The communion bread tasted stale but the wine was good.
Hazelnuts were soft to the taste.
Taste different from what I got from other grocery stores.
I am mixed about Stevia- However, I do like this in coffee....  Only one packet needed ; )
I feel a bit scammed. The container was barely half full when I opened it.
Good for keto but way to expensive.
Taste was okay, not great for instant coffee
This is for eating not planting.
My tears grocery stores no deals like the honey and teas for my birthday 12/31/1955
Used to be 5 stars, but not anymore
Not the best but not the worst
Not one of jmy favorites
Most of the bag was in pieces/all broken.
Disappointed in the quality and taste.  Many unpopped kernels,flavor just OK
Ehh it is aiiight. Got tired of it quick and I am an avid pumpkin and coffee lover
I would stick with Kodiak.
Lid was cracked big time could not screw back on
It is a little too sweet for my taste
The product did have an aftertaste. Plus it is a lot less sweet than sugar.
I do not like the fact that it leaked....change the cointainer.
They do the trick for my craving but I do wish they were not so cardboard tasting
I only got 29, not 30.  Also, I did not get what was advertised.  Some flavors I did not get at all.
soso on flavor longevity and freshness
I only got an empty package. The package was not sealed. I really want the seasonings!!!
The factor that it cannot be returned
Child does not really like...
Moldy after two days.
Not really a big hit in the office, but dum dum lollipops are always a conversation starter!
Please make this product with NO cane sugar. Honey should be only sweetener required.
Very tasty; however too expensive to order it on a regular basis.
Tasted more like apricot with a slight hint of green tea in my opinion.
It works well with my coffee and monk fruit sweetener.
Same price as store brand but I have to use twice as much.  Not a bargain by any means.
Coffee is average and ok for everyday consumption.
Not the same as I have had
Without the pepper would drink this daily.
Maybe because it is not that popular and they do not sell a lot of it.  The coffee tastes stale.
The flavor of this tea is almost too flowery for me.
Great product but due to exposure from the hole afraid to use.
Do not be fooled by the cover it is actually one bag Quality taste
Do not like the flavor of it at all.
I used for frosting like I would regular powdered sugar, but the after-taste killed it for me.
I wish it had a bolder flavor
Cherries are small, drier than others, and are not so fresh.
Taste was not to my liking
I like the blackberry flavor
JAM WAS TOO GRAINY
Coffee of ok, but several of the capsules arrived broken
Not a lot of truffle. Ingredients include truffle flavor. I would recommend a different brand.
Product is much smaller than expected
I expected the seeds to be bigger .
I know everyone has their own taste preference . . . mine is not Grey Poupon.  Sorry.
Not quite cheesy enough. Could use more cheddar flavor.
Not bad, not great but i would order it again .
Would not get it again
Just not what I like.
Seemed overpriced for what I received.
Good flavor when added to cold salads or already cooked dishes.
I love this sauce, but it is way too expensive.  Will not order again.
The Snickers seemed 'old'.
These were good but they seemed a little stale.
a gift that my grandson cannot get where he lives
Had been enjoying this product, last shipment one cup leaking and 2 glued together. Disappointed
They are thicker than the ones I tasted before.
I always look for calories and cannot find anything on this!!!!
I got three instead of the four because for some reason one bottle for busted.
Be ready to water these at least once/week
Taste like regular gum, only negative feed back I have is taste did not last very long at all.
Tastes like coffee, did not feel/notice any energy.
Soaked with syrup made it lost baklava's taste.
Harder texture than I prefer for gummies
Half of them are not even wrapped properly I had to throw out
Did not care for the flavor!!
This sauce is amazing.  Unfortunately 2 of the bottles arrived broken and there was a big mess.
I only received 4 red pop and 4 grape and 10 orange. Would of like even count on flavors
The price I paid is the only issue. We can find them cheaper as they are super small
Not as fresh as other items in my order
Every can was dented.
Lacking in the lemon flavor.
These were very pretty but the large pieces were hard enough to break a tooth!
Tastes good , but expensive.
Looks better than it was. Nuts tasted stale.
Not spicy enough - something is missing.
The bottle is an unknown plastic. I like the honey. Not ingesting it though.
It tasted like rubbing  alcohol to me
Not a fan of the chai tea and there is a lot of it...
I did not like the taste of these nuts.....
The tea is ok, but I expected loose leaf to be leaves.  The texture was totally ground down.
I used it for a Christmas gift
I did not care for all of the different varieties like...donut...etc
Not a great tortilla, but not bad.  It had an uncooked flour flavor that I did not care for.
The seal was broken after a few times of use, although the product itself tasted good!
It is gif table however priceyb
It tastes like Marinara sauce, nothing like BBQ
More subtle taste than the regular glazes. I usually use on salads.
After a min of chewing it is like chewing rubber.
So much oil that it runs off crackers - not good consistency
They arrived melted
I do not care for the taste. Unlike a pressata.
If they were not melted and broken they would of probably been better.
My Moroccan husband was less than interested.
Wife and I both did not like it.
Did not appreciate the flavor. It was not for me
It is brown & pink...I want to return
Makes a decient cup of coffee. If you prefer stronger coffee I would suggest a different blend.
These taste, look and feel just like Rx bars if you have ever tried one.
Not a strong blueberry flavor - just okay. Kind of expensive.
Too spicy for me.
Did not like the flickering of the spices- something was way off
it did soften a bit in the heated pant still not the the almond flour ones - will not order again
These were supposed to be Khalal stage; instead 90 were overly ripe and mushy.
Some of the olives were soft and crushed,maybe be to old,sorry
They are OK, did not like the taste much. Sorry.
Just OK...a poor second to the real dressing
I got the coffee today July 30th and the coffee expired in January.
It is very fun, do not get me wrong, but it is just not worth the money.
Some rot spots in couple of apples.
We did not like the flavor of this product as well as another vegan pate.
It just was not my thing. I be only eaten one.
Product not  protected from weather in summer
Do not know why I spent so much money for  7oz . Not worth it at all
I know it is not hull-less, but it does not seem any different than regular popcorn...good flavor
For emergency only ... Not for me
Product had been in the heat, it had melted and the chocolate had turned white in places.
Love the candy but too expensive
Smaller than expected.
I have eaten some of it..it tasted mushy to me.
Tiny brownie bites.  They feel really fake and do not taste good at all.
There is no sign anywhere on the entire bag of peppercorn that indicates 8 oz size. Pretty weird.
Advertise as 10 ounce, however these are 7.5 ounce.
I do not like it. Tasted like sink water mix with tea or something. Will not be buying again.
Oily beans might be old or over roasted
terrible packing. Taste great.
Did not receive everything that was advertised.
The box was soaked and when we picked it up all the coffee fell all over the floor!!
It is DeCaf, what else is there to say.
These are basically samples of coffee flavoring
Will need to try it over the next few weeks but overall not bad. has some serious heat
These pretzels became stale very quickly
I like that these nuts are organic.  I dislike the rancid taste.
Bought these for a gift  much smaller packages, though, than I was expecting
These boxes of candy must have been old.. Boxes were damaged..
Taste was not what I expected
I have not get a chance to used this product yet but for now 3 star
The salt is good , the packaging was bad. If came open
I lived in Spain and never saw turron packs this tiny
Tastes good but a little expensive.
Will not purchase again! Not much flavor in these pods.
Could not stand the taste! Very greasy and gritty and bitter.
Had to separate the brown leafs to the fresher ones
Package arrived today, box was smashed, no lid, and plastic cover was torn off.
Not much chocolate in the bag.
Way too expensive, but it is okay. Put it in refrigerator in case of it becoming bad.
Definitely a Fritos corn chip but the jalapeo flavor is lacking
Good coffee but a little to weak for my tastes.
Has an off taste and they expire next month. Definitely will not buy again
Not too bad..just not my type of sparkle water
Lots of chipped pieces
"The description says ""9 lbs"" but it is really only 12 oz."
They were just okay, tasted a bit stale to me...
These were formerly larger. I would prefer more to get a larger sucker, like the former size.
I cannot get my kids to drink this in all the juices, I have tried everything
takes some getting used to but I think I like it.
Taste a little diluted otherwise spot on. Only makes 1/2 cup total per packet.  So there is that.
There was not enough drink for the value. The drink was gone before the flavor hit.
Not as flavorful as I was hoping !
I like the nutritional ingredients but they are mighty hard on the teeth!
Did not quite taste as I thought.
Some of my mayos arrived opened in the bag,
Says our oil but is a solid substance.
Product seemed fine, though it resulted in a failed batch of saki
Not very tasty at all
One bag was crushed and open in the box.
Not liking the aftertaste...I probably will not buy again....
Average taste, not the bold flavor I expected from Blue Mountain!
a little too sweet.
Product was partially melted.  Not a lot of flavor.
The wife and I tried these but we could not get used to the taste. not for us.
Would not purchase again
If only they were larger.
I guess these are sized for small children. It is not quite a full meal for teenagers or adults.
I was hoping for real Italian ice- these are more like Otter pops. Disappointed.
Emergency no milk for my coffee
Love these cookies, but they get delivered completely broken!
Not great for burgers. Little flavor, kind of tough, taste fairly lean.
Looks and tastes very old and very small that original size
just like broken pieces. solid deal, but will not buy again as I will not eat too much cashew from now on
Did not care for it
All spice not much dill to the pickles
Good water in a convenient size, but way too expensive.
Now I can see why 1 net carb.  Would be the smallest Taco in the world.
Prefer chocolate vs hazelnut
Waiting to see growth
The stuff just works.  That is enough
There is barely any wings in the bag.
i do not know why it has a for potty training rating but definitely 5 stars
I love it but the biscotti are always broken in in pieces. It is too dry.
Not as spicy as they used to be!
This is an OK Darjeeling, not a great one.
Very tasty but mostly broken
Taste fine, but too expensive & most were broken
It was decent coffee but did not taste like what I expected.
The flavor is off in plastic
not quit my cup of fruit.
They were pretty tough. Overall ok
Did not like they did not include a card saying who it was from!
It is pretty dense, but small.  From the picture I was expecting a much bigger cake.
Thought it was regular size boxes
YOU CANNOT GET THEM ALL OUT
alot of price changing
Grandson loves them
The Grocery Store Size is 9 oz. These are 3.125 oz. Big, Buyer Beware!!!
It was only like half way full.
I use it in my keto recipes.
These were OK, but not great. A bit dry.
it is ok.It is just how they handle the box
It is not terrible but definitely not as good as the actual stuff.
not a lot of coffee taste
Most of the pretzel rods were broken and the pretzels were very dark, almost burnt.
Taste is not good on cola , root beer is ok
Good but a little hard.
The coffee taste great But it is ridiculous small for the price!
It is OK, but it was expensive. A week after I bought it I found it in bulk at WinCo.
Do not care for the taste
From east coast, use to this brand
The seal had been broken and this makes me kind of nervous if it was tampered with
Product description is misleading says 40 twin packs this is only a order of 20 twin packs
Not the same as I remember.
This is very salty and sour tasting.Disappointing
Flavor was a bit tart and bitter. Not as expected.
It is pretty but it does not really have flavor.
Tastes dry a bit but does the job
I dislike them all being broken and melted for this price. I liked the taste.
Prefer the regular non flavores
Can get the same quality and same price at Walmart.
The taste is not like the ones I have had before
Did not work as expected for the price. Have used other items that work much better
Taste is good but not for long. Shortly, you are just  chewing a flavorless, hard gum.
No seal to protect the food, inside or out. Even my cats dry food is sealed.
This was quit a bit smaller than what I thought it would be.
They arrived melted...
Good product but tiny can, very over priced, very disappointed. BEWARE
If you like the sweetness a lot this is for you
Good flavor very expensive.
Good but too expensive
I am getting ready to have Bariatric surgery, and am trying out some things prior.
The cakes were moist, but did not have enough flavorings.
Quite messy to open. Every container blew out juice upon opening,quite messt
My son did not like these at all.
Mindy loves it, I am not a fan.
Not very sweet or flavorful. I will stick to other suga free, flavored syrups.
Perhaps a little stale. Volume for money was good.
was not fond of this blend
The tad Ste was off.
chocolate was turning white like it was old
These simply taste too artificial. go for the baby reds with garlic and Parmesan for better flavor
Pretty decent for a hard ginger candy, but I would like stronger ginger.
I ordered 2 one came with treats one did not
The biscuits are broken in every pack I have opened. Otherwise, fine.
Cut the carbs down. The tortilla is high in carbs.
I prefer unsweetened teas. Unfortunately this is too sweet and leaves an after taste.
I dislike the fact that these are 8 OZ cans at this price. I thought they were the 15s.
Good but a little expensive.
Not sure what I am eating---does not give strong brown sugar taste.
I feel the taste is strange and too sour
The fruit cups were not damaged but I will not chance it again.
I am a big Propel user.  This is my least favorite
Tastes like a pancake. Not what was expected in tea.
Taste great. Small quantity. Expensive.
The product came torn and the cans were dented.
Does not fit in the normal amaretto bottles
This is my third order. The caps have cracked and rendered useless. Need to get better caps.
Potatoes already greening...
They were way too big with not much flavor  Not organic apples
These bags do not seem to be a strong as the ones from the smaller boxes that we typically buy
It was not as peachy as I would like.
It is okay but not as crispy as I would like. Lots of old maids and a bit stale. I will not rebuy.
Ordered large and received small, if not tiny.
Still waiting for effect after 3 days taking the tea. For now just  sleepiness effect.
Tasty product but 3 packages had gummies melted together.
The flavors are great but after the 3rd box I got bored and switched companies to Green Mountain.
I would buy this only to store in an emergency as a normal purchase product I would not buy it.
This was a Christmas gift and not tried it myself.  Had no report from the recepient.
Is the characters on the caprisun itself or just the box
does not last in plastic bag plus contaviner it gets hard if you do not use it right away
Chocolate was a little thicker than usual.  However, with paraffin worked better.
All the leaves of the fiddle fig were in the bottom of the box.
The only issue is I had 2 boxes that were crushed
Seals were open on containers & leaked in box
The flavor was unimpressive; I will try a richer blend before giving up on the brand.
These were OK, but not great.  Tasted like they have been on shelf for a while.
Weird stuff. Definitely an 'acquired' taste & very salty, too!
Bag was much bigger than I thought it would be. Hard to find enough recipes to use it up.
I needed this for a recipe and could not find in the grocery store, but it is way overpriced.
I got the 7 pound. About 1/4 of them were smashed and stuck to the wrapper.
Has an after taste to me.
She did not like them one bit
Not as string as I thought it would be.
Stale Gave to the squirrels.  They loved them...
Not fond of this at all
It was okay; it just was not worth what I paid for it by a LONG shot!
I could barely taste the dulce de lechebarely had any filling. Did not meet expectations
Sticks are super long had to cut down
Rolls of candy come loose in a mailing bag.
I am enjoying the blend, however was disappointed it was not pure blue mountain.
Tasty, once a year treat.
Too salty. Salt had melted into the chocolate so I do not suggest this as a gift. Packaged well.
Works for energy, but I do not like the taste, and the vitamins are settled to the bottom.
Saving for emergency.
This product is watery
I am giving 3 stars because the box was smashed  and opened
The included bag has a zipper closure that would not seal no matter what we did.
I will be giving them away as gifts at a tea.
Did what they need to.
Some of the cups were empty (14)
Decent taste. Not sure if the tea itself or drinking tons of liquids helped with lactation.
Not as flavorful as Sukrin Gold
The product was more expensive than I expected.
Several of the packages contained only orange candy. They also did not seem fresh.
Texture and taste was off.
Did not notice made in Mexico before purchase...
Do not use daily...keep as back up in case coffee supply is gone.
So i guess the Florida heat got to the box and melted the chocolate on them
Reviews let me to the purchase. Not great .. just OK.
Just ok a lot of the nuts were very hard
I assume this is what the inside of a glow stick tastes like. i should not have bought this is bulk.
I like the noodles. But the listing title is misleading and hight price.
Boxes smashed cakes mashed
Someone recommended the product....no good....I am trying to figure out who to give them to
Sizing may be off slightly with standard cupcakes
I am not a fan at all. It was gritty with no flavor.
Not sure this is pure cinnamon
Too too sweet! Needs far less fake sugars.
I believe this is Bara brand Oregano, and I am underwhelmed and will not buy again
It was too soft for me, I like firm
My mother likes this
It seemed to me the flavor was brand and I just did not like it
It has sugar in it.
Not much difference from Folgers way to much money nice package but disappointed in flavor profile
strange chalky taste.
not my cup of coffee
Not bad, would not want them everyday
Products were not fresh. Also small. But taste is good. A little pricey.
some of cans arrived dented
Both cans were dented but useable.  Made Christmas cookies.
Tooooooo much money for such a small bag
price high after further check on internet
Fruit snacks melted. Did not happen with the last order.
It was a little too sweet
Better flavor when purchased at the WAWA station. Definitely not as good.
Alway grounds in the coffee?
The gum loses flavor very fast. Usually I chew 2 pieces instead of one.
not what I expected for taste.
Box received with corner crushed and salt leaking all over inside of shipping box.
Too little spice and too much seasoning
Several packages were open and could not be used
Something is definitely different. It tastes different.
Not bad, not great. Not much clam flavor.
It is bot bad but it does not give me a whole lot of energyand I was really excited about it
Taste okay not great
Item wasAdvertised as mint, but it was grape flavor not what I wanted!
I have been with this subscription for awhile. It lacks variety.
Dislike everything but panda cookies and gum
it told me nothing but lies. i want to kill myself.
Sample pack only had 2 flavors, not 3
The casing is weird but the sausage taste was good
It looks just like in the picture,really cute but came broken in 3 different places
Product was as described but does not really work
I expected it to taste like the can drinks I buy from store
Eight pack, cake like brownie.  Will not buy again.
not really keen on Skittles or miniature plain M&M's just okay
Same old, same old.  Nothing different
when I received it was completely liquid.
These have a lot of crunch, but leave a bitter aftertaste in your mouth.  Not a fan.
prefer if from Washington not California
I had this a few years back and this time it seemed much drier.
THE BAG HAD A HOLE IN IT
Does not really taste like banana.
Could have a cheesier taste
Bean dip gross. Tossed out
Much smaller than expected
Was not a fan of the taste.
Probably 75% peanuts
... I will check back in a few weeks.
It is an acquired taste. I am not a fan. Taste very sweet in a weird stevia type of way.
Jar was half full
Thought it would have an apricot to smell to it but it does not...
It tastes good, but is too expensive.  We lost our supplier, so had to order this in the meantime.
This is more egg than anything. Reminds me of a very very thin cheese frittata
These are not what you would buy again
I did not care for the taste
I like the taste and the brand also the value for the price . .
They were kind of hard and stale, but the babies like them
Does not taste like the skipjack tuna I buy.  Not much flavor.
I did not hate the coffee but it has a burnt smell to it. Not very pleasant for morning coffee.
They were good just a weird looking piece of chocolate
Loose pods in a box with little to no flavor.  Upside is it seems to be low acid.
 why contain milk and call it vegan?
I order it almost every month but this time received 5 boxes instead of 6.
Too much sugar, which, along with salt, is used to disguise poor quality products.
Granddaughter likes to make this
They taste like ginger.
Item was opened and candy all over the package it was shipped in.
For some reason cookies were broken/hard
its got a very different taste.  Not sure if I like it.  Very salty.
Seafood touch with pork bone flavor is too complicate for me...
Tastes too gross to vouch for its effectiveness.
I got these hoping they were a dupe for the cream savors candy of my youth. They are not.
Maybe it can be used for recipes  but did not go well with coffee or tea
Got them because of the Maclemore song. Kind of a weird flavor and consistency.
Cans came crushed
Very salty, very crunchy. Unfortunately cannot taste much past the saltiness.
Buyer Beware... of expiration date. Mine was already expired when delivered.
No instructions so do not even know how to prepare or use them
Not as thick as typical but spead. But still good flavor.
Not super flavorful. Stick with the korean instant noodles.
Probably not healthy, but needed it for a new recipe. Now I have a jug I will probably throw out
I did not expect this product to be so close to expiration date.  The flavor is like old coffee.
meh !!! not like the kona i have purchased elsewear will not buy again..
I expected more from Amazon. Not fresh. Tasted spoiled!
Half of the kit cats were smushed and the chocolate was super crumbly
Again it is arrived melted because I live in Florida and it is hot down here.
The casings are a bit tough to eat. Much easier to eat the sausage after taking the casing off
I did not like the taste of the chocolate.
Cookies are very dry & not much flavor.  Unusual for this brand!
Unusually salty this order. Unlike previous orders
Did not get what i was expecting. The flavour and the smell was very different
Being used for yard to keep dog from digging and to keep squirrels from digging up my bulbs.
Tasty, Not as salty as some I have tried.
Only average quality, not worth the high price.
Small packs of many different snacks. Devoured by my grandsons in less than a day.
Must have broken into much tinier pieces during shipping.
I could not get the tea to bloom and did not like the taste of the tea not likely to order it again.
You want a review? It is apple juice...
On the sweeter side
I need to add a lot to make a gallon of sun tea.
you have to like the vinegar and heat to find it bearable.
Rhinestone fell off. I will be returning
They smelled like fish when I opened them.
Do Not care for the taste.
It is raisins almost no current smell
I do not like the taste....
there were quite a few wrapped very loosely and chipped up not many whole ,  or unbroken ones
The crackers were al smashed.  Going to order again as this has never happened before.
very short shelf life
Unfortunately we got SMOKEY not what we ordered. It was ok, but I am not into smoked cheese.
Not really on the tasty side
These taste very grainy and bitter. Will not buy again!
Baby did not like the blue berries combo or tne apple but the pear combo is a winner
Product way way too salty
one of my wife's favorite salty snacks.  little expensive though
You are not really getting a whole can because some of it crystalizes and turns into shards.
Thin and Very dry compared to others; too many tiny strips.
Not as pictured- but still hello kitty
Not consistent. Sometimes fresh sometimes not.
Did not like the flavor compared to similar products.
Not impressed! The taste is ok. The price is high.
Long times Peets fan I was hoping this would taste better. But was disappointed with this product.
Like the mixed and flavors
Product came fast but the can was debted pretty bad.
Not enough ginger flavor and too much stevia. This product is Not for me and I would not buy again.
would have been 5 star all around but can i got was dented
Very thin,Not as I expected
Convenient to have on hand, but not a bargain price.
Pre-mixed saves a lot of time
Pretty, but not much tea flavor.
Was not very flavorful.
Crushed when I received them
Have not tried product yet.  Saving it for a rainy day since green coffee beans last forever.
does not last as long as it says it does and some flavors I just do not care for
Not something I will buy again
Bars were ordered as a gift - have not received feedback from recipient on packaging or flavor.
Smaller than expected.
A bit pricy and you have to use several drops to taste the flavor
Was not what I wanted but have given them as gifts and everyone loves
This pizza was gross..that is until I added sriracha. Hence, three stars
Was Not as crisp as I expected.
I felt like o was getting old Moosemunch since the box had a picture of a snowman on it,
NOTE:  THEIR MONKFRUIT COMES FROM  **CHINA**
AT THE STORE KROGERS IT IS $4.00 A BOTTLE ..... NUFF SAID!
It is cheaper to buy the bars individually
Tasty, healthy snack. They were a bit smaller than I expected, only takes 2-3 bites to eat one.
Any other sweetner, Stevia or other plant sugars would do the same.
Not enough in each package
Yummy but does taste different than Starbucks. Wish it was easier to pour. Prob will not order again.
The flavor is different when O bought in seven eleven it feels not fresh
The veggie straws are too salty and irritate my throat.
There is a lot of water in the can. I do like the texture of the fish Though.
Not quite what I was expecting and some were damaged.
Very watered down flavor.  I will go back to Alpine cider.
Coffee was not flavorful
I use it for coffee and doest not at alllllll taste like pumpkin
I wish wish wish they would make a smaller can - 8oz or something.  I only needed 1 tsp.
About a third of it leaked out upon delivery
Not the same flavors that I like it
No packaging only your name on the product. But was ok but not great.
These do not travel well - have had problems with them breaking/leaking in transit.
No difference betweeb this one and the fog I buy from Walmart
Cofee smells like cholocate, but does not have the chocolate taste.
I use folders you do not have it in the larger size
Should be fresher then it was with in two weeks of ROAST.
I only got to try one piece as it went moldy the day after I opened it.
Over priced and under whelmed.
Cotten candy arrived deflated and in one compressed piece.
this was a shock.
I got it to lower blood pressure. I have not seen any results yet.
Great variety but half the bags were stale.
The flowers were delivered without a card and did not look as pictured.
Again was not expecting test and smelling.
I love this granola but it came SO STALE
I did not understand just how tiny these boxes were. Not nearly the value it seems.
I love this mix but when it was delivered the mix was very broken and not in whole pieces.
I tried several times making tofu, not successful. Wish it had some kind of instructions to follow.
Cans came dented and hidden in the middle of the case.
some people may like this but I am not a fan of this
Love these so much but it is so hard to open like really hard
Not my cup of tea.
Could be cheaper
Very cute but several arrived broken
I personally do not like the flavor but that is just a personal preference
A lot smaller than I expected
I do not know what all the hype is about Planko, its no different then toasted bread crumbs.
used to make soup mixes for Christmas gifts
"Too many broken pieces considering it is ""Delux Whole Cashews"""
I always order jelly bellies but these were kind of stale.
Have not tried but one can was severely dented.
I love the product. However, the packaging is not secure enough.
I would not order this again. No way to get replacements.
no aroma and barely taste. try it, but do not used it
All 6 cans were dented in numerous places.
Which is 2 out of 5 times. We often order these just to find them covered in mold...
Did not like plastic pod. Makes my machine work harder
tasty but not at $19.99
Not really a variety pack, was limited to only a few flavors.
Wish we would have known this before ordering.
Good product but a little expensive
I received my bag with no indication of how much is the weight. Especially for the price I paid.
As above. Will not buy again.
Too pricey for the size.
I prefer others over this one
Interesting twist on the original, but not very tasty. Very artificial tasting.
Even though I am absolute chocolate lover these have to much chocolate and not enough maly
I believe these were old. They ripened the next day and rotted the day after
"Item description clearly says this is a ""2-pack"" order, but I only received one jar."
Prefer fresh.  These bags are very small for this price
Really love Noni but these arrived stale.
I did not hate this, but did not love it either. Not strong enough cocoa taste.
Very bland,  but great base to Dr it up with what you like.
Not much flavor. Will not buy again.
Too many broken noodles - noodle dust in bottom of bag
Raisins were smaller than I expected or believed based on the image.
These could make me stop eating bread. Too gooey and the taste, ugh.
I received this item from a brand deal and was shocked with how good they were!
Nothing special Not rich enough for my taste
I find this too salty but it does not because my Celiac condition a problem.
Taste... No good. At least it was cheap
Not sweet enough for me.
Do not quite like the taste.
If you want to burn your tonsils out of your throat.. buy this!!
A lot of them were stuck together or broken, despite some nice ingredients.
Not like pictures advertised
Tried them to include as part of a keto friendly diet; just were not tasty enough - pretty boring
It seems like it will be better on chicken meals
Order came with one bottle shattered.
They were dried out, old, not fresh.
If you are into low to no salt flavor...these are for you!
Received crushed
I do not like the taste but they do help a stomachs ache
Too small !! Photo looks big, but in reality very petite. Look at the oz
They were all rums time we got them !
Where is the flavor in this..
I bought these but when I drink them it upsets my stomach. I will not be buying these again.
I was expecting something good, but wrong number
Do not really notice any difference with this.
I like the convenience of this product, but WAY too sweet(artificially) for me.
Did not like the crust
This is not a good buy because I later found the exact same thing at Smart & Final for $11
Came crushed. Ate them but I will not order them to be shipped again
I thought it would be bigger boxes as received previously
Good flavor however it is like eating a slow poke very tough
The freshness was not there
Only a few in jar. The aroma is light
Not really my cup of tea.  ;-)
All 60bags short dated
was only about 5 different kinds of items in the box. just multiple of each.
Not as tasty as I expected. I used one and gave the rest away.
The Kona Blend was much weaker in flavor than I was expecting, compared to similar brands.
This is just Dallas Texas Tap water.
Very then changed substantially over the years this is my last order of them
Need to add recipes and amount to use.
TASTES GOOD BUT DID NOT LIKE THE TEXTURE SORRY.
Just okay. Too artificial sweetener taste for me.
Shipping materials were not damaged but product came damaged.
This smells really bad...like it is spoiled. I have never experienced tamari that smells this way.
Too pricey,did not work that well
Many of the stems were broken so the flowers did not last very long.
This product showed up with a broken lid, and seel broken. The product taste great.
not all that plussed by these mixes.. Eh,h,h,..  do not think I will re-purchase
Great chocolate, terrible advise.  -Pat
Do not think honey is highest quality
Will not purchase them again...one and done.
It smells like Irish cream, it has a weak favor. I mostly taste the splenda,
Each serving is 800ml
One of the bags was cut open and the content spilled in the box
It is okay, the taste is a little bitter, but does the job.
I prefer the organic
Was not as tasty as what I had in China.
I did not like the flavor
Not sure what is so special about this . It pretty much tasted like common table salt to me.
too expensive, but tasty is so so, and it is very convenient!!
Would have preferred a wider range of individual flavors e.g. Licorice only!
Part of packs broke on inside...Bud
Amount of crust really diminishes/covers the taste of these tiny cauliflowers!
Disliked the macaroni and cheese steak and gravy was very flavorful
Did not look like the one in the photo
I did not care for the flavor and texture of the product. I will not be ordering this again.
Was not what I thought it would be
The candy was a little harder (read: dryer) than I would have liked, but tasted as expected.
This arrived wilted
Not fudgy creamy. Just a lot of sugar. Would not buy again.
I thought it was teh big bags  but it was the little ones, I guess I did not read all about it.
Cannot get the lumps out unless I run it through pantyhose.
Why is not this a glass bottle?
Too small, like tiny in size and only one round of heat. I will eat them, but I hoped for more.
son loved it, but it came broken in half
Little small but good..
Too wet and sweet. Lacking savory aspect. Low quality meat.
Giving it 3 stars because after going to an Oriental store I can get it a lot cheaper
Did not like it and costly for just the juice
Blazing hot as advertised, but not a great flavor.  Add if you just want pure heat to your dish.
This flavoring is not very strong.  I had to use a whole bottle to flavor cake icing.
Wish they had more kick.  Did not experience the jalapeno taste until the last few in the box.
will not really recommend it
its o k but flavor is absent
Did not care for the flavor.
Good quality but unfortunately a bit sweeter than what I excepted.
Should have received 60 count. Only received 10 count
no difference in the different flavors all taste the same
Very salty ! It should be reduced a little !
A tad on the dry side. But the chocolate chunks are delish!
The came with two cinnamon boxes and did not include the apple.
I received the product on Nov 30th 2022, and it will expire on 01/22/2023.
These unmeltable ice creams melted
Just started using the product, will know if I feel a difference in the next 4-6 weeks.
Only one month from the expire date.
I like the product but packaging box is damage.
not enough sirloin or veggies....for the price
Jelly Bellies are great regardless but these were stale!
Harder than I remember.
Did not like taste or consistency overpriced and will not buy it again!
It arrived opened in the box. Needless to say, I had a huge mess to clean up
Flavor is OK but not great
Maybe it is just me, but I found this product dry and void of flavor...not a fan!
It was small but I used it. Quality was not great! Looked cheap, just ok.
Purchased as a gift.  The recipient said the flavor was too light and subtle.
A little bit too salty for me but very convenient
Kind Of expensive for typical fruit snacks.
Some of the bags leaked the tea.
Not as good as the Stroopwafels in Amsterdam. They seemed a little stale.
I did not expect to send an hour assembling them
Taste good..... but weird after taste.....
I expected more expresso flavor and also less calories than I remember seeing before I bought.
Not much flavor.  Needs a sharper cheese.
Mine arrived melted so had to use for fudge instead of cookies.
Way too weak..it is like drinking a colored water.
Only one Reeses peanut butter cup in whole package
OMG - 6 bottles for $74.16!!! ...  I can get it for $6.69 a bottle at the local supermarket. ..
It is pricey for what it is. It is no better than the old large-size garlic powder.
Flavor. That is it for me. Sticking with my Kroger brand.
Daily drink for inflamation
Tastes like cardboard.
This is NOT 2.0 compatible.
Tell much smaller than I thought
Not enough flavor.
Some of the flavors are not as appealing as the plain simple squares.
I thought I would like these but the m&ms are too bulky for the soft rice krispies
A couple of them arrived dented.
Barely had any cinnamon in it...
The green and red taste awful. The berry ones are great.
Used to be fat free, now just low fat.  Disappointed since my mother has such a restricted diet.
These are tiny rocks.  Based on the image, I thought these will be 1 or 1.5 inch big.
Good but some were stale
20% was in pieces
IT SEEMS TO BE JUST GRAVY
Candy good - shipping bad
It is sold as low sodium, it has less sodium but definitely not LOW sodium
Feels very basic and average, that is what you get for buying from sponsored links I guess.
Cute idea. No Twizzlers. A lot of laffy taffys, so that was disappointing.
What is not to like pricey treats
Got pretty beaten up during shipping. Lots of broken cookies sadly. Everything else was great!
not what I expected but still tasty
Does not taste the same as before
All cans of product were dented
did not have the freshness it should have
I passed them on to someone who might like it.
Did not particularly like this too soft and runny.
Nothing unusual - hard sugar pacifiers
They were sort of handmade, the marshmallows were jumbo commercial ones.
Such a sugary taste, it is a little much for me, prefer the ginger ale!
Got it twice the first time moist.  Second time very dry.
Low rating due to change in product. Not same product have  to use more
Works but the title is misleading, much, more complicated than bisquick.
not bad. but the stem is hard to cook
i actually did not need to buy so really no comment necessary
Too expensive, not that spectacular
Usually very good, not so much this time. Small amount of vegetables and stringy chicken
Slightly stale, but actually taste better. Was a present, for someone else.
Read the label  carefully
Did not like the vinegar flavor at all.  They went out with the Trash.
Not bad I use as a soy sauce anyway. Bottle is small though!!!
Brown around the edges but usable
Flavor is not as robust as in store purchase
way to much garlic, not enough heat.
Very, extremely dry. Crumbled apart just pulling it out the wrapper.
Not as fresh as previous orders
Tastes ok. But not worth cost.  Small amount of cookies.
I love it but vertuo cups are difficult to find in stores
My granddaughter loves these, I think they are gross
Tastes the same as any other but only costs $1 at my local grocery store.
Taste like every day paprika, Was wanting a smoky flavor..
Had to use over three tablespoon for one cup of water.
Did not like the flavor
I have ordered 3 and there are only 3 in the delivery. Is the 2 for 1 deal over?
Not as solid as I thought it would be
It is okay but a bit expensive for the taste. Probably will not buy it again.
Flavor is great but it gave me stomach pain. Maybe artificial sugars I am not sure.
Seller did not stand behind product when it came crushed to pieces. Sad because it tastes good.
Melts well but lacks flavor so I add some.
Okay cookie, a little dry.
My taste......YUCK. it may be for you but not for me. Strange tang to it.
These are microscopic.
Definitely did not taste the same as the first two times I bought this product.
So... the low calories is due to the tiny amount you get.
This vanilla is good but I little expensive for the quantity.
Almost every pack the cookies were broken.  Otherwise they tasted fine.
While its only packaging, it makes me question the conditions it was stored to get so beat up/worn.
Not that good and expensive..
Wish Rockstar would bring these back to the shelves at QTs!
Was delivered. Melted....still taste the same
Kids Loved the alphabet shapes but it tasted a little stale
Not as good as the ones in the microwavable bowls. They taste plain and a little soggy.
Did not like the taste at all.
Not sweet enough. Too messy(powder everywhere)
does not really taste like chocolate
Not my favorite tea pigs product.  Not a great tasting matcha blend.
I stopped because I did not see any improvement in my blood pressure
Really did not seem that special but there was nothing wrong with it and it probably is pure honey.
I felt this tea is kind of bland, not very strong.
what can you about diet food
It was burnt on the bottom.
Not a whole lot of flavor. Not quite what I expected.
Does not have a lot of a honey flavor
All colors were true to the color.  My black was a dark moss green.  ??
These walnuts were not as good as I hoped. A bit stale and nearly bland of taste.
Did not really taste like other honey hams and was much more expensive. Have had better and worse.
Tasted simple. Like a baby cookie, not what I want with my ice cream.
Good coffee; but in the past took a few days ; was almost Two weeks
Is this even legal?  Looks and smells good, but I am a little uncomfortable with it.
"Too ""earthy"" for our taste. Otherwise as advertised."
It is candy and was a gift
I am not a fan.  This tea reminds me of orange pith - the white part under the rind.
Just what I needed! Thank you!!!
These oreos only tasted like peanut butter. I would not buy these flavored oreos again.
Would not buy again.   Thfycdpixvo|
I do not trust olive oil without the package it came from.
Crackers tasted good but I thought they were too expensive for the quantity provided.
Watery and lots of skin left on these peeled tomatoes
Product was a little hard but tastes good
Melts like butter in your mouth. Not a fan.
Boring texture but a good clean snack with protein.
Too ripe. several moldy.
One of my cartons was opened.
It is versatile, but does not constitute the price.
Could have bought cheaper
Just okay not thrilled.
You have to use alot to get the taco flavoring
I like mandarins, but this one was very different, it was so softly.
We just did not enjoy the flavor. We went back to Starbucks for flavor.
Too greasy and too much breading. Hardly any fish. Will not buy again.
The two sets of the chutneys are not very different from each other.
Love the salt, but it came with some large chunks unfortunately.
They taste like hotter vinegar with melted plastic.
I like the flavor and quality but it is over priced.
It could be bigger and more moist. It was smaller than expected.
Not the taste we were hoping for at all.
Only has 5 or 6 small cookies.....not enough for the price.....
Instant is the way to go.
A lot thicker than I thought it would be.....not quite an oil but the consistency of crisco.
only 8 on a dark roast scale  would like a reading of10
Decaf and tasted like it.
I was not crazy about this due to it having a crunch to it.  Just not my cup of tea.
It is not good it is not bad I do not know how to explain it.
The bag was much smaller than expected.
They tasted a bit weird like too sweet teriyaki.  Also not worth nearly 3$. Better at 94 cents.
The coconut is fire all the other flavors are gross
Nothing to write home about.
The taste does not taste like black licorice too mild
I have had a less expensive brand that tastes better.
Flavor is bland not like it used to be. A great disappointment.
This is as riced as cat food
Was not fond of the flavor. I should have just gotten Cinnamon.
I did not understand what is it!
it taste good! there are few of them is broken!
Long hair in the bag. Gross...
Did not like the pearls on the butterfly!
You get alot of different flavors for your money
These bites are okay. They are very dry which is my biggest complaint.
Good sized bag.  Not crispy, & is hard.  Weak on flavor.
It just tastes like water, with a strange after taste, and almost no fruit flavor at all.
size is a bit smaller that other products I have purchased.
A little skimpy looking was not packed with much care
Advertised as 2lb. bag, but came repackaged in a one pound size.
It does not work for me I do not go to the bathroom to poop so I would not be ordering again
Weak spice; use a little more in your cooking for flavor
Not so good, not so bad. So-so. I was actually a little disappointedPoor taste
Some of the apricots were way too dry and were more like shoe leather than tasty dried fruit.
These tea bags are often not sealed properly and loose tea is everywhere!
Purchased as drink alternative for an event.
It also had two of the same thing instead of a broader variety.
Color is not royal blue it is dark navy
Not the freshest
Pretzels that grasp peanut butter & dips well!
Greasy greasy....
Could have made it cleaner .part where the pick goes is crumpled.
Slices will cut much too thick for a half a pound there was 5 slices.
It was good but it has a weird smell/taste!
no jalepeno flavor at all; some heat - but - meh....
price is ridiculess, way over priced
Dislike how they was tasty
Did not notice any major effects, but it could not have hurt...
It is kind of bland. Not much flavor at all other than some spice. Pretty bland and mediocre.
Coffee had bitter taste
Tasted good, but unfortunately were starting to becoming hard and stale by the time they arrived.
I could not tolerate the flavor. Tossed it.
Purchased as a gift.
Their busting, leaving grounds in my cup
The dates were too close, to finish, guess I ate a bag a day.
Whatever the flavor, they all taste the same.
50% of the pops ere cracked.
It was supposed to be my 94-yr-old fathers birthday dessert.  Not enough for full-sized pecan pie.
It is a bit too fishy for my taste.
It was a really bland flavor. I much prefer other brands.
Like the flavor. Seemed like they packed them with a steamroller. 90% of the cookies were crushed.
The chocolate is if lower quality now.
Arrived later than expected on delivery. Taste was a old and chewy not crunchy.
Like the title says. Get the other flavors or the tortellini instead. This one is super bland
Not rich in shrimp flavor and too oily compared to the original made in Japan
you need to use alot of the product to get just a hint of flavor
Everything was edible
Bought  3/2017 and expires 11/2017
The picture showed his second bottle and I did not get a second bottle.
Eh, probably a pound and a half is a bit too much...
Not as sweet as other dark cocoa mixes, if you like that you might like this.
Looks fine otherwise, but the seal was broken before I opened it.
Super sour but tastes horrible. Once the powder is off it is semi enjoyable
The chocolates came all over the place and very dry like old
The picture is misleading.  It comes in a bag, not a box.
there was supposed to be 24 individual packs and there were only 22
Ta-dumfound something without potassium overload!
Again dented cans
For price got 5lbs same quality.
Bowl  of cereal and glass of chocolate milk all in one., 
the cake was dry
The product popped well and was tender but lacking flavor.
It should come out in a big wide sprayit instead comes out in a straight stream
These are a tasty snack. This is a big bag and the price is low. They will last a long time.
Definitely not fresh. Ready to throw them out.
Showed up busted
Not the same color as picture. Does not match the colors of the cake.
My last package had a couple bottles that had holes in them and had leaked completely out.
All but 3 of the 12 cans were dented One had to be thrown away as it had burst
Peanut brittle is peanut brittle
Dry fruit tasted all the same after most likely sitting in the box too long. Chemical aftertaste.
Why white and not blue crystals
Barely taste like they have caffeine in them!
I should have got a bigger screen protector.
These were ok they are very small but the kids like them I guess.
Small, with middle of the road flavor.  Not the worst, not the best.
Does not work well unless you soak it a bit first,otherwise too much back presure.
Very low I am flavor so I must complement it with other seasonings in my kitchen.
I never ate because it looked like these candies were from Christmas  yuck
I thought the bags were bigger, I can buy them $3.00 cheaper at Kroger!
it is too sweet and sour even with the usual brewing method. it is not dark enough by the way.
They are great! But there is a lot of empty shells :(
Tasty but old tasting . Must have been sitting on a shelf for a long while .
I used it in my salad
Thinner than I imagined!
One of these bottles was opened and leaked over the entire package.
Absolutely am addicted BUT they really need to fill the bag more. It is not even half way full .
Chocolate is not as tasty as I hoped.
I love this item when bought at the grocery store. It tasted stale when delivered.
Not easy to assemble but was pretty
Has no flavor, never buy it again
Does not really taste like white mocha? I cannot describe the taste though.
A bit overpriced
Who can afford this product at around $40 a lb.?
I bought the tea to lose weight as on Dr Oz but have not had any results. Would not buy it again.
Get the bigger one cheaper
Nice flavor, but not as soft as desired. A little on the tough side.
A little too sweet for my tastes.
Close to traditional, but not to my taste
Little sweet in my opinion. Also, would like to see some plain flavors such as lemonade.
Prefers fresh pasta over this. Difficult to cook it to just right
Good flavor but most were broken and few in the cans. Disappointing
A little sweet for my taste
I ordered two bags, but only received one bag.  Also the bag was smaller than expected.
was ok, but not great
price went to 6.95 t0 16.50 in less than a week, very big rip off
Glass was cracked when it was delivered
Whole box wasted and chocolates  I ordered got wet also smh
Tea bags looked old and wrinkle
It is popcorn salt.  What else can i say?
A relaxing cup of tea to savor
Sometimes it is open ng
Every bar was crushed. Half of bar was ok other half was crushed
Not as vibrant of colors as other brands I have used
Had several shipping issues.  Discontinued because I got tired of the taste.  Good, not great.
Do not know...bought for a gift...
I like the flavors in this variety pack, except for bananas foster and lavender honey.
Some of the cans were dented.
Something different about this product, does not taste like in store syrup
Did not really taste like snickers
This item came packaged but the chocolate was melted together.
Bought by mistake.  Too spicy for me.  Had tp give away.
Not bad but not great. Also significantly more expensive than better tasting energy drinks.
Too expensive and many times peanuts tastes old
Son likes them with a spoon of sugar
Not much flavor for the price.
I wanted a deep dark roast taste but this coffee did not deliver the robust flavor I would hoped for.
The content in the package is not the amount specified on the package.
The chocolate is good, but the pretzels are stale.
i ordered it after reading the reviews Not as hot as I expected
I do not like this flavor.
do not care for the taste.
I expected a robust Mysore flavor, but it was not strong & the taste was light.
Way too salty for me!
This was a fun gift in an actual ammo can, but there is very little jerky
One pack was old and not fresh.
Taste?  There is NONE!!!!
These are the thickest asparagus I ever bought.  Thin asparagus has a much better taste.
4 out of 8 vacuum pack bricks were not vacuum when they arrived. Not sure if they are usable
The tuna is too salty. I do not know if they have tasted it but you cannot sell product like that.
Not alot of flavor.
These might be better if they had arrived fresh but they were a little stale.
I ordered this because I thought it was USA beef, however it is made in Brazil.
they taste good but mine were stale D:
Very hard and not that much juice
Bag was slit open and there were loose peppercorns in the shipping box.
I liked this product. It is sad to see that the version of it is no longer for sale.
Usually buy french roast.  Tried this and I Am going back to french roast
Not much lime flavor, for the value.
Flavor is lacking, but quantity for $ is there for party favors.
It was alright, not the best or worst I have ever had.
Shipping  box was not damaged, fluid was draining inside of the box!
Was about as nasty as you think it would be, but was kind of fun.
Distribution of candy was not even.  Not enough twix bars.
Only received 3 flavors when it is advertised as 12 flavors.
Decent texture but they taste perfume-like. Strange aftertaste.
Tastefull flavors with  cream and sugar. Looses the flavor of the coffee.
It is ok, but hard to open
I love this flavor. Disliked the fact all the boxes were smashed up and one was open.
Had to throw the entire bag away
Expired date on package
There is no flavor to this. It is the strangest thing.
Na, will not do this one again either!!!
Would rather have beans regular.
Way to salty. Taste to be desired.
The flavor was not good and the price was to high
Do not see/Taste the big deal
The bag was opened when i recieved it
Very flimsy and not so big like described and pictured.
Its very expensive that its lower fat counterparts. Other than that its great.
Grounds keep coming into my cup.
So it did came fast and it did have some what the flavor but it was stale like old chocolate
Very tasty cherries but, the size of the cherries is disapprovingly small.
Was not jelled enough! It did not taste like I was expecting.
The flavor was not as expected.
The spice container arrived with an open, damaged seal. Unacceptable.
The hazelnut is not very strong but the cinnamon is... so all a preference really!
Overrated and overpriced like the Mets.
OK but an awful lot of damaged leaves, we have had better.
Fruit was old and hard.
Just not bold enough for my taste.
Candy was a little hard, other brands are better.
They seem a little old and some came without any candy in them.
Did not taste like cucumber but refreshing when cold
This is not something I would eat again
I bought it to use in my Whirly popcorn popper; however, for me the popcorn was way too salty.
The taste is pretty plain. I cannot really taste the ginger and it is not sweet at all.
Product ok, but all expiration dates rubbed off bottles, not good, not good at all.
Too watery and lacking in flavor. Super expensive too.
WAAAAAAY overpriced.  Found same item for 1/3 of the cost in a retail store.
Not very much product for the money
Arrived as scheduled. The jengkol did not taste the same I used to have.
one of the bottles was leaking
Some of the peanuts tasted old.
Not very strong. But works fine for candy, drinks and nic juice. No funky bitter taste.
Dry and flavorless. I discarded and would not buy again.
not as good as Nutella :(
the dates were smashed together... not as chewy as i thought they would be
Arrived on time,  k
Small container. Expected more for my money.
The shopper picked up a bag that was only 2 days from expiring much of it was already wilting.
Only 7 pouches included when there should have been 8.
Maybe I made it wrong but it did not taste good at all.
Fatback took away from the flavor.
Not much for cost.
This product should come with a dropper
One of the bags arrived open, half empty. Otherwise, shipping was fast.
Not really enough decorations for all of the houses.
2nd time I have had one of three arrived damaged/opened.
They are thin strips more so than chips. I would not buy these again. Tasty though
the box of coconut was not seal very well and only had 9 bag of coconut flakes instead of 10
not crazy about the taste, maybe after few cups may change flavor ...
Has a bitter taste from the preservatives
I was surprised that the taste was so different than that of the bottles.
They did not have a lot of flavor.
This shipment only had 11 bottles and my last shipment had 1 completely empty bottle.
Good but too expensive
Priced too high fir small bag
I did not care for the oil.
Looks nice,,but the fibers get all over the cake.
Decent quality. Tiny jar. Wish it was bigger for the price.
Basically the candy cigarettes.
Not what I was expecting, will not buy again.
The flavor and consistency of the whips are just a bit off.
They were very chewy, but not very soft. I may have received an old product. I would NOT buy again.
I like glass bottles and they  sent plastic. Taste Is different.
Never expected it to be soft and mushy, was looking for the usual firm cloves to chop
Does not come as shown , no bananas! why why why
I did not taste all the rave, seems like a type of Crisco to me
Not what my childhood memory remembers about Mars bars.
Too expensive for the bread. Taste wise ok- Nothing extra ordinary.
Does not look like it is fresh, no taste,  and small teabags.
A little disappointed with the too mild of a flavor. Does not taste fresh,
This flavor is not strong and not very flavorful. I much prefer the salted caramel !!
I do not want any gums in my coconut milk. That is not organic without preservatives.
Flavorful but lacking the spicy heat
Wanted to see what the hype was. Too sugary.
Although the flavor it nice, it is somewhat bitter. Used 4 creams, instead of my usual 3
this is made in China
It was a gift.  It arrived on time. no complaints.
Strange taste and texture Do not like or Dislike Would Not purchase again
Tastes a bit weird but helps satisfy sweet cravings
...eh, reminds me of devilled eggs, which I like. But on a sandwich it is an acquired taste.
Soo tiny. Tasty but not really worth the price.
So so flavor and no sweetness at all.
No comment - item was as expected.
This had been my favorite tea but this last batch is very weak and I always steep for 7 mins.
I did not like It is soft with alot of rotten ones within the bag
Most ended up in the trash because of the taste that was not good
The frosting was oily.
I prefer McAfee's, but it is a staple for company.
Not really fresh kind of hard and not sour at all. Not for me.
Went into Thanksgiving boxes to be given away
1 out of 6 arrived damaged.  Wish I could get a replacement.
One of the Chili plants did not grow others did
I guess I just like the darker stuff.  Also watery.
Love these things but beware of the tiny size. For the moneythey are too small and not worth it
The taste and smell of this tea is very calming. It did leave a little bit of fallout into my cup.
I love the Annie's brand and so do my kids. Unfortunately, we were not at all a fan of this flavor.
It is not something I would drink every morning.
These were definitely a dunking cookie.
Chips arrived crumbled
mint is mint.  It did not last particularly long in the fridge.
Candy was smaller than pictured
Not as tasty as I hopped
Some of the peppercorns are too big for my pepper grinder
I am planning on serving it to people I want to leave!
Do not care for taste too much but I would definitely try a different flavor
I gave as gifts.
Too soft.  Expected some softness but this is too much
I use it in coffee and it clumps to much,, unlike the last I used.
I did not like the american cheese because, the slices had some white flaky something on them.
Definitely an acquired taste , you have to blend and mix in a smoothie.
Plastic bottle and no BPA-free label on it. Will not purchase this again.
They were too dry. They were not as fresh and juicy as I expected
Too soft, hoping they would be crunchy
The inner bag was tore and the candy was laying in the outer shipping bag.
My pump leaks really bad when you push down you have coffee everywhere. The coffee great
These are a bit bland, not much persimmon like flavor left in them
"it has a very strong ""artificial"" flavor, not like sugar"
I like the rice.  The bag was damaged with holes in it when I received it
Did not receive squirt Gatorade packets as advertised
Not what i was looking for.
This was a gift? Out of state!
The tea does not have the flavor I was looking for.
This is not spelled out well online.  But use it anyway
Ok way too expensive just like trivia which is much cheaper
Flakes seemed small and flavor was too mild.
This is a butter mint, not a hart mint.
Very bready, not enough crab in the cakes to keep buying.
tasted rubbery but you cannot argue with the nutrition value
There were some Egg Bites made with egg whites but I cannot find them anymore.
I gave these away
2 containers arrived open and scattered on bottom of box.
I like the tasteVery good product but little too expensive cannot afford to buy too often
I did not really have notice any difference to it helping me sinus.
Not crispy enough
I do not like the taste. Maybe you do.
A bit too starchy of a taste
The tea from these flowers was very weak, but adding them to another tea makes a nice blend.
Same product we remember only one peanut in each of the first two boxes though.
My wife said it is OK, but not great tasting.
There are worms on the figs and I am worried about the quality.
expiry date is too soon
I can pour it into a dish. Prefer cream.
One of the three bottles had a leak, lost some of the Coconut oil. Cecil
NOT A GOOD PRICE YOU CAN DO BETTER ELSEWHERE.
Product is high quality but packaging was not secure as much of the bulgar leaked out.
This product starts with Las Vegas tap water?
Has alot of nuts and spices. I am going to try again
Not as concentrated as I thought it would be.
Not fresh. Probably I should have known.  No such thing as a free lunch.
Ramen noodles arrived smashed. Item is not eligible for return or replacement. I want a refund.
I thought it was coffee bean.
Not great not awful!  Do not really see how it will save me $.  Stayed clumpy.
Natural normally means peanuts only.
This product was the weakest ginger ale I have ever tasted.
Add  whipped cream>
Very tough jerky. Taste was good but hard to chew
This pepperoni tasted more like salami, not enough pepper in it. And it was expensive too!
Product is too oily.
It is doesnt taste like what I thought.
There is no difference in flavoring
I am not a big fan of the taste of protein. This one is tolerable
I had expected natural ingredients from Gevalia.
They arrived melted... Perhaps I should not order chocolate online.
it was what i was i looking for.
Everything taste the same ...no use in having different flavors
Not the Dove quality I was expecting
A good oil, but way too expensive for what you get.
This flavor of Panda licorice is nowhere near as tasty as the black
Did not taste a lot chocolate.
After having Ezekiel's cinnamon raisin muffins, these were just ho-hum.
The cookies arrived crushed and the taste is not good.And the chocolate ones were stuck together.
Not what I was expecting
It had to many blue in the bag not good
You get a lot for the money they just tasted and looked old.
Gave as a gift.  Was told taste was so-so; not a standout so would not order again.
taste was good but too hard; when you bite they crumbled.  made for a messy treat
Taste is not what I have had in restaurants
I can rate the taste because it arrived all melted in the box
Abit surprised for whole foods, the watermelon was not as fresh as it casually comes
Cheaper in local store considerably
A little too sweet for my taste.
Box smashed tea bags in the packing bag and out of the box
Can the product title be updated? It contradicts itself. You receive a four pack
This is super strength? The ginger flavor is about half of a regular Gin-Gin!
the bottles were the size of minibottles, thought they were larger.
All the French vanilla flavoured ones did not brew... so they are all wasted...
Could not use because it was all in one big chunk.
Not a fan of the flavor
Like the product. Delivery took 15 days.
Clearly says that it contains 4 cups. It only has 2 cups. Not a good price
I recommend this flavorless wheat cereal to anyone who has accepted their life as a joyless void.
The noodles did not absorb the water well enough
I like it the favors and textures, just too pricey compared with Costco product
Supposed to help with wrinkles. Did Not change anything
Good price but did not come in a tin. I was disappointed but that.
Will not be eating this again, but may try the dip recipe on the box with the rest of it.
Used to be so good, although not expired, the product tasted stale.
got it for weekly treat for cats....bit dry for them....scrumptious for humans though
The jar of nuts was apx 70% almonds. It should have been 33% almonds, 33% cashews and 33% pecans.
Did not like the flavor at all.
So yummy!! But... mine were bloomed which was off-putting.
I love marzipan. Was disappointed in the coating tasteless. Marzipan was okay .
Lots of variety! Fun to look through, not many tasty items though.
Would rate as a 4 again, but prices keep going up!
Great on Ham! 1Jar was broken was not sure how to get a replacement! 
I did not really care for the taste of this tarter sauce.  It is all a matter of taste.
The tea met expectation but a feather packed in a container was a downer!
A lot of the bags were still sealed however they were deflated
Arrived spilling into box . I had to put a ziploc bag on it to save the rest.
These were super hard. Will not be buying again
Not very tasty, but what do you expect. The cost of going vegan.
There is not enough maple flavor to this icing..
This product was also delivered damaged one bottle was broke
The roses were at full bloom. The petals immediately fell off. Not worth the money.
I got the medium-dark roast,  I should stick with Medium.
Taste a bit burnt!
Not my favoite,but my son likes it
Variety included tea which I did not expect and have little use for. Other coffees were fine.
This barely had any flavor compared to 4th and heart ghee
It says medium, but I feels like XS.  The one that I got is a little bigger than plum.
I was hoping this would be a new daily flavor explosion, but it was just bitter coffee. Not for me
very lemon tasting is all right not great
Its really not that 'Spicy'.
A little bit bland, but not bad for the price.  I will buy again.
Pricing quite expensive for quantity received, but love the flavor.
The was one that was open that it got everywhere in the box
Bottle arrived!  Flimsy cap that does not stay on bottle
"much sweeter than regular sugar...almost a little heavy on the ""fruity"" side"
It would just ...ok. Do not know why I bought it! Now I need to figure out what to do with it!
Leaves a strange menthol aftertaste
Hate price. Flavor is good but not my taste.
As you would expect
Too salty, with flimsy noodles. Would not recommend.
Expected, Blue Mountain, this has a string coconut flavor.
Re-iterating other post   be sure you realize that half of these pods are espresso.
They were smashed. 
I cannot taste a lick of lime, but they still have a decent overall flavor.
Way overpriced for 1 package.
Love the crackers, shipping was not good one box was completely crushed when it arrived.
Decent quality, but hard in the stomaxh
This bar does not really taste good. Very disappointing.
Jolly Ranchers were not wrapped tightly, was a little disappointing but very good value!
The flavor was different than what I was expecting.
Got a lot of individual packs.
A little on the stale side..however nostalgia more then compensates.
ORDERED TOO MANY, ALL HAD THE SAME EXPIRATION DATE.  BAD IDEA ON MY PART.
So far multiple popsicles how leaked out in each pack
"FYI this is a product of China. The label of ""USDA organic"" is a bit misleading"
I dislike the flavor
WOW is this stuff sweet! A little goes a VERY long way!
Maybe it was the cook, but I think this is overrated.
One of the cans was broke open when the package arrived.
I only use this when I am craving peanut butter. This is so much healthier.
It was too spicy for me. I could not eat it.
They are delicious but the price to portion ratio is horrible
Ok but too expensive.
Just tasted like regular jelly beans not the mixed drink flavors I ordered.
I prefer the canisters, but I cannot find them anymore.  Now I use these to fill my canisters.
These are 16.9 oz, not 24 oz. I would not have paid this price for that size.
Was not what i was expecting i thought it would have been sweeter.
Last order of this coffee had so far 6 empty K Cups.
Good taste but definitely too expensive.
purchased as a gift, heard no complaints.
smaller than slim jims and i did not care for flavor
one of the bags broke in the box
Like the product
The flavor was just not there.
"The texture is a little hard but it is an ""ok"" replacement for pasta."
probably will not buy again.
Sorry not like the original.
The chocolate pocky has melted and the chocolate sticks to the packing bag.
I expected better from Lavazza.  Kind of tasteless
I WISH THE PRICE WAS LOWER
I thought it was going to be a little bigger, really small. The taste is good though
The marshmallows all stuck together.
Wish these were organic
These tasted stale. The expiration date is 06/20, so not expired but also not overly fresh either.
I just wish 2oz of sprinkles were not hella over priced . $8 for 2oz of sprinkles. Never again.
Needs more seasoning a little bland.
I dislike the fact they said it was B and they shipped grade A.
Good hazelnuts, but the description is wrong. These are raw, not roasted.
Visual appearance.  Old beat up leaves.
Package image says low fat, but the ones received did not have that on the box.
It is fine. I am not sure of the point.
Tastes great, too bad they had melted.
The order I received has an almost expiration date.
Too pricy, will buy in my local store next time.
It kind of tastes strong it is not that bad but it was expensive
They are not that big, and they are largely overpriced, but its still a big bag of Takis.
do not meet my expectation.
This is not like Starbucks I am into Sumatra and Verona so I tried it not the same .
Pricey for 4 oz.
Would not buy again
if you like lite coffee, this is for you.
Tea. It hurts my tummy.
Tastes okay. Not great. Not super filling or easy to eat out of the pouch.
You can NOT use these in the new Keurig coffee maker. I found out the hard way.
over priced for the quantity
I did not  like the texture i should but i will try to boil them I  should  have sent them back
Strange taste and texture.
not big on the flavor.
I bought the carrots.  Tasted nothing but oil.
I did not notice the taste so I cannot comment. I used it in shakes.
a bit stale but tastes fine ?
The flavor was a let down. They make a decent salad topper though.
Not what I expected......
Very salty and not as flavorful as other brands
Reciepent of flowers was not impressed. Barely thanked. Me. Very disappointef.
One can came damaged. Puffed up! I chunked it.
The peppermint spoons were smaller than I expected.
Do not really know what it use this for. Bought it to try
Works the same as a 5 hour energy drink. But for me, it wore off after 2-3 hours
I did not realize how much extraneous stuff was in this.  It is not anything other than average.
Not near as flavorful as their Fog Chaser blend. I did not care for this one so much.
Not bad but hard to mix
do not really look like bats cuz they are too small and not good edges. luckily did not cost much.
Would not recommend
Ehhhh.... I will stick to the Jason brand.
It is not in English which would be helpful when it comes to how to use the product properly.
Product looksoff. No red in the package compared to online photos.
It was open when I received it
It is alright,  has an aftertaste of the plastic perhaps.
not as tasty as Walkers retail
Taste good but small and not worth the price!!!
Need to be made with juice
Price was astronomical compared to the amount in package
We did not get the basting brush. It is advertised it should be there.
This is a slightly above average instant coffee, but i am not sure it is worth the price.
Very strange smell to these decaf k cups.
Many Broken suckers.
Not dry roasted, very oily and slightly greasy. Messy to eat with your hands.
I was not a fan of the flavor
Cap on oil was cracked
Taste second time was milder along with drastic color difference. Consistency issue
It did not taste what I thought it would.
Did not arrive as pictured. No wooden spoon included......
Unable to taste lemon flavor. Just seemed to turn water to sweet water
Stale, not seasoned well. not like 30 years ago for sure.
They showed up loose in a cardboard box. Did not come in the retail box as shown.
it came busted and you could not return it or replace it!
Wish there was flavor to it, but it def adds heat to things!
The White Cheddar is Gross.
Not as coarse as i had hoped
A little tough but good flavor.
it was not as advertised
I. Used the product for snacking.
Casings non porous so will not work for smoker, do not like crimping pliers, be careful when buying
Spray often a stream vs a spray, in this size  can
These are a little dry. They need more filling. The pastry is a little grainy too.
The chocolate mocha clogs up the keurig. I have tried 3 pods now and it is a keurig killer.
I wish for once we could get delivered without them being melted and stuck to the paper.
My dozen eggs came with only 11 eggs. None of the 11 were cracked, however, which I was expecting.
Loved the taste and texture.  Individually wrapped was a plus.  The price is the only negative.
Have to stir often because chocolate gathers at the bottom of the cup
Did not have a lot of flavor.
Do not like the taste
I tried really hard to get a clear pic but the she will pieces are fairly big
One bottle broke
It comes in a small box. Certain things like the hot tamale candy. I only got 1 packet.
My order finally arrived .
I ended up just throwing it away.
Tasty but over pruced
Poor quality and does not taste good. Cooks too slow
Two bucks apiece at the big W.
Was a test to see if I could stand the taste of the coffee. Or like the flavors.
There are to small. Beutifull but VERY SMALL SIZE. i keep it but no to happy
My bag was heavy in one flavor. I expected to get a better variety.
My kid loves these.
I am surprised by how small a eat this makes
A little too weak for me.  I drink green teas all the time, but like a little more flavor.
Taste is not what I expected
Bag came deflated and chips were crushed. Would not buy again.
Small for price. Some of candy taste old
Not a big strawberry flavor/ I would not buy it again
Kind Of dusty tasting. Not good.
Not the best chicken soup out there.  Chicken pieces seem to be rather dry and stringy.
good as expected, little more expensive then brick and mortar stores, but hey, front door delivery.
I do not like that it is only 30 servings now for 24.00!!
Flat, every single time.
They came by way of California and were melted.
Smooth but boring - no nasty tastes but then again not much taste at all.
Although they were within their expiration date, they tasted old.
Will have to wait and see
Not too bad but very dry compared to most crumbled feta I have used. Other brands are better.
I do not like the flavor
Cans were all dented.
96/carton Would lead one to believe that you will be receiving 4, 24 packs  this is not the case.
The Sucralose makes it taste sweeter than I prefer.
Not very sweet, mostly salty. I was disappointed. I expected more sugary or toffee taste.
I do not eat a lot of salt.  I actually threw some of these away.  I never throw food out.
It does not taste as well as the bottled ones I got from Walmart.
Mostly old nuts, 40% fresh nuts, not good enough.
Tastes good but way too expensive.
have to watch it too closely because a cup will crack.
Sometimes you get the asiago flavor and sometimes you do not (?) inconsistent.
I like the water but apparently after I subscribed each month the price went up a few dollars
Did not pop as expected.
smaller than what i was expecting - ordered the bigger one
Unfortunately I only received 3envelopes instead of 4.
I could taste the sugar in it and not flavor  I did not like it.
does not appear to be all natural dried strawberries
Tasted very watered down
Sauce did not seem to be spoiled but lid was open and sauce was leaking out
i would not order again
This cost less than some brands, but it took so much for me to turn anything black.
This was a gift, I have no rating
The spicy was not Intense. Value is worth the money. They are combos, what were you expecting?
I am trying to get used to drinking decaffeinated coffee so, it is taking a while to adjust.
Small coco mix gross. Candy and cookies are good just not a lot there small amounts.
Hey! - who pays over $7.50 a pound for Snickers?  German or otherwise.
Lacking in taste and strength.
The outside was fine but this time around the inside was dryer not fresh.
I gave it 3 stars, because it is a little too sweet for a green tea product.
May take 2-3 tabs to actually have effect.
One of my 3 jars were open. Will go to 5 stars if replaced.
I did not like that I paid for 6 bags and recieved only 1.
I just did not really care for the pickles. Very very salty. Not worth the investment
Gum was old....hard as a rock. Will not ever buy again!
Was what I expected for the money
as advertised.  no further information needed.
Not peanuty as I expected.
Did not really put as much flavor on the popcorn as I was expecting.
I do not really care for the flavor, a little sweet I think, maybe too orangy?
Crunchy not soft
It tastes like fruity cereal.
These taste really old
NOT MUCH TO TALK ABOUT  THIS PRODUCT IT IS JUST BARELY A CITRUS DRIINK
Like the gum, flavor is short lived.  Comparable to trident.
Loge this yogurt. But it a lot.
How can you keep 2 loaves not moldy, arrives moldy..
Was just ok not great..
I thought the coconut flavor would be stronger.
Product was leaking when we received it.
I like the product, but do not like being price gouged, twice the price of Costco!
Trying different ways to use it.
bought these for a recipe, but I do not see the appeal. will not be buying again
Coffee seemed to be a little stale. Great price for sure--but you get what you pay for.
Some of the candies are little old and not fresh.
Too salty for my taste.
This is a fun way to make popcorn but way too expensive.
Okay, but the sweetener tastes weird to me.
Baby loves food and not picky but did not eat the vegetables in this food.
Melted into blob in packages.
But the package comes smashed and some of the tea bags was torn
Not very hot. Tasty though.
I normally love the Turkey tastes, not so much with this product. Very dry and stale tasting.
Not particularly disgusting but not great, they at least make a good vehicle for dips and such
Box of tea was damaged
The description says that this is a pack of 5. I only received 1. How do we fix this?
The garlic is a lot smaller than I expected. I have had regular garlic grow to that size.
Not the flavor that I thought it should have
the bobba tasted odd but it was easy to make. Tea tasted as expected.
I appreciate the vanilla taste but I only use it in my BPC and that is it
K-Cups do not taste like coffee.
Too salty we all agreed!!
I thought it had a taste like saccharin. try it before you buy 400 packets like me!!!
I personally did not like the taste, although my husband did.
If you eat these, the just go buy name brand
One of my favorites.
It is fine, not great.
All three cans were dented.
Blandest coffee I have ever had. It is like drinking water.
This product is from concentrate and not organic. It is not returnable!!
As advertised, it is an acquired taste.
Not enough banana flavor.
Greasy and sticky .....
Price was too high for the product. Not worth the price
Some of the chocolates and peanuts tasted old and not fresh.
Trying to get used to it. It has a cornmeal texture.
Does not bring any discernible vanilla taste. Not to coffee, not to icing, not to sponge cake.
It tastes OK but not worth the price.  I like some less expensive coffees much better
Too large.  I wanted only one pound.  Could not find anything smaller
Taste close to skittles, a little disappointed, kind of pricey, expected a better taste
too may peanut butter crackers  not enough variety numbers
It is Trident Layers.
I was looking for a smoky Lapsang Souchong. This was not it.
The case I received only had 10 in it, instead of 12. Otherwise, it is as expected.
might be bettor to buy individual flavorful brands and mix them together.
Arrived completely melted
I really do not have an opinion because I am giving this to my daughter-in-law as a Christmas gift.
Not dark tasting enough.
Beans were dry~ coffee did not have the taste I prefer.
I received this in February of 2022, but the item expired in October of 2021!
This batch seemed different from others.
Not as cheesy as the box version, but it is good for a snack.
Some of the coffee tasted stall
This was an anniversary present.
This is the second time I have purchase the beef jerky and this time the jerky was much fattier
You get a little less than 1 hr of life.  They burn fast.
Melted fine. Color is not as pictured. It was closer to a mint green than tree green.
Cost too much for the quantity.  Very tasty, but not worth it
These were okay, but have an artificial taste.  Very airy.
I am not a gum chewer
It was ok not really as good as I expected after reading reviews I drink it to help with cramps.
Very meh. Tastes a little burnt to me. Will Not order again.
Shipping box was fine, but the box inside was damaged, broken, and open
not sour or spicy but if you like pickles you will like it.
I love this as a source of protein on the go, but wish it was not so expensive.
It was not what I expected.
THEY DID NOT TASTE LIKE THE CANDY THAT I WAS BUYING FROM A GAS STATION
The cookies were kind of mediocre!
Dry ice should have been used for perishable
There was a lot of crumbs
Worked as expected but only sent 19 sheets
I did not care for the flavor, seemed to have an after taste. I ll stick with deathwish
This product does not mix well in water. It tends to congeal rather than mix in
Was not what I thought it would be
Melted chocolate
Does not work for my body
It is alright not sure if I like the mix in general but it did come fresh tasting
I personally prefer the second flush. This first flush tea has a biting taste.
Taste was good but the box of bars that I received was stale and the bars were very dry
About half were broken so I threw them away, they are very cute (the ones in tact).
Title says it all.
Chocolate melted and was all suck together
Too much powder, small pieces, not very satisfying but are OK. Will not order again.
When I bought it it had 1 month left before expiring
Did not like the flavor. Has a floral taste, could  not taste the cranberries.  Will not re-order
Expensive. Good tasting but not a good value
Good sweetener, way to expensive!
thought was Chinese Tea  It is not
quality canned coffe ans chickory mix. perculates well.
Weak flavor and even then it is not quite right.  Less tang than just orange flavored.
My people did not like the taste.
Was not what I thought
tastes just like an oreo but the texture is a little gritty.
Watermelon and honeydew was ripe the cantaloupe was not ripe
Not fond at all. perhaps i should try another cornstarch from this company
Was supposed to be six different flavors. I received two of one flavor and am missing one.
This was supposed to be WHITE lights. I got all colored. I did not want colored. I wanted all white
they are not good i do not like them they are very watery
Does the job, not the worst not the best. I would buy it again.
I could not tell any difference between this and off the shelf vanilla.
Cups looked old and a lot of loose coffee in the bottom of the box. Freshness in question.
I did not like the taste of this product. But my son did.
not what I expected
However price has doubled so it is no longer in my budget...sadly.
Did not care for the taste.
The flowers arrived on time. Flowers were brown.
They look as described but they are really chewy and not exactly freeze dried.
I ordered 4 boxes and only got 3
The flavor is slightly bitter. I ordered chocolate, does not taste like it
Not like regular strawberry milk, lighter color and flavor
Ordered 2 and one package although seems sealed is not vacuum packed as described.
I will make it smoother
decided not to use the tea- concerned about interference with chemo treatment
The wrappers did not glow in the dark. A great disappointment.
Orange has a weird flavor and so I would not recommend the orange. Love the lemon and lime
Does not taste like corn meal.
Way too sweet. Why did they add a sweetener? Can hardly taste the pepper.
Too many broken cashews
The product did not seem fresh! The jellybeans were on the hard side!
I thought the cottage cheese was too salty
I do not  like this mix. Has a bitter aftertaste
It was too ripe so it only lasted about 2 days
Very teeny, tiny can. May be one serving if your not very hungry or you can open multiples.
Advertised as pack of 3, only received one bottle.
All of the candy taste the same.
I do not know why the honey was all sugared
It did not smell as fresh or taste as intense as other coffees we have tried for the same price.
The package arrived in my daughter's college mail room opened.
Did not taste like I remeber, they are also smaller than before.
Just not my thing
It was ok nothing fabulous or different for the expensive price!
I ordered the 18 count 1.1oz. Instead I got 20 of the .86oz ones.
These are hard as a rock very hard to chew teast ok.
I have eaten a lot of chikpea pastas. But this tastes yucky.
Not ripe enough and putting them out to the sun did not solve it.
I tried them but the smell and flavor is off compared to the ones I got from the local store.
It is coffee, not particularly Italian roast. Does not compare at all with Starbucks.
One box was crushed on one end
Damaged and leaked everywhere
For the name and price it has it should be vacuume sealed
Did not care for the flavors
These are WAY too salty!!!!
Most of the chips were broken.  At some point the handling was rough.
These were very old tasting with not much flavor and no freshness.
Tastes good, but a little small for the toaster
flavor slightly above average, pricey
Will not buy it again because of the lecithin in the chocolate
Product arrived melted..
These were great when they first came out a couple of years ago but lately the fruit looks bad.
Not what I expected but that is me.,
Pretty tasteless compared to the original blend.
Takes a lot- big squirt , about 15 drops to sweeten a mug of coffee.
i ordered FIJI every 2-3 weeks,it was $16/pack. but today price is $30/pack. i do not get it.
They got a bit slimy after one day of not used
Too salty for my taste
Cans were all dented. Could barely open.
Love this gum but this shipment is a bit stale. Completely chewable though.
It is ok....it is an acquired taste. Not a big fan. Thought it was pricey for the size and taste.
not quite as I expected have a different flavor?
box opened and they were all around the package
Do not think the grandchildren will like them!
taste like sugary candy no lavender or honey taste? hmm not something i would repurchase
If you like your teeth, do not buy these.
Love this stuff but most of the cans were damaged and a few punctured :(.
I found that the larger packs are not as flavored as the smaller bags.
Decent flavor not worth the price.
The dates were sweet and firm. I prefer the softer texture.
These nuts are really nothing special. They are expensive for what they are.
The size pictured is misleading.  It is not  as big as it appears.
It tasted a little old.
There was a few good things but most was nasty japan crate is the way to go
It is not sticky enough and kind of thin
They were not that good and the taste was weird. Definitely did not taste like Salt and Vinegar.
The product is good but expensive
I used this for making gummies. Gives them a strange taste.
Would have been a 4 or 5 if the chocolate was so old.
Everything was dipped in ten layers of chili powder did not like
will not buy this again
sault is good but package is bad
You only get about 2 beans.  Not worth the money.  Try the paste instead.
The powder tubes , one if them had exploded .
They tasted a little stale and not like the ones I have had in the past but still good
Ok but to expensive.
every can was dented
The packs of pocky sticks were really small..smaller than I expected
Great like the other Slim Jims. But the size on this is very small!
A little too sweet.
Only about 10 pretzels per bag
For some reason these did not work well.
These are TINY packages.  Each pack is no bigger than the palm of your hand.  Not worth the cost.
The same. No flavor, color, despair with the water.
The package was torn on the side.  Please make sure the package is closed tight before shipping.
Thin.  Tasts ok but is much thinner than other brands
These are okay,  Not nearly as good as Serengeti that Amazon used to sell.
Its strongest point is it is organic. Otherwise, it is simply canned soup.
Do not feel any change after tens of cups.
Bought as gift. They said it was good,but felt it was over priced.
Way too much vinegar not enough flavor
This is not 2 / ounce as stated in description
i never had balsamic vinegar and discovered i do not like it.
not really a chili flavor
Looks great but it taste horrible
they were dry when they arrived.
For my tortillas and deserts
love the contents, but two of eight containers were badly dented.  jan
It is a bust. I love it but does not love me back
One arrived damaged.  Ruined the presentation
Wanted to try something ..but my kids did not like none of the flavors .
Was a little dry and old. Probably an item they  do not sell too often. Shelf life is limited.
My son loves the chocolate flavor. Yum!
They are good but they stick to the paper really bad, had to put them in the fridge
Expensive, not great. Taste is fair. Will not buy again.
Brown and not very fragrant.
I received a DENTED can....... Box was not damaged, but can was.
Natural Flavor is a glutamate which is MESSAGE. Research Truth in Labeling website [...]
The packaging was hard to open  The little children loved them as a snack
It tastes good but a little expensive, smaller than my imgaination
Overpriced for what you get.
Package came opened.
Inexpensive, but packaging is not great, and Lavazza (in my opinion) tastes better.
I had this same soup in the past and it was amazing. It just tastes different this time around.
Lacks the richness one expects from Colombian beans.
It is drinkable tea.
These are nice,but NOT SOUR
Not as expected most of what should be soft is hard.
Boom! Mind Blown.
It is pretty good (not excellent) and very little for the money.
Smaller than anticipated
Not much flavor. Will not order again.
the coffee was somewhat stronger than I like-
Still had to discard two drinks because they broke open.
It was really watery. Not much flavor. Will not order again.
I wish the tin was bigger. When I pinch the salt, it pushes salt out over the sides.
Decent coffee.  Roasted too dark for my taste- Packaging did not reveal roast level.
For someone who likes flavored  coffee.
Other brands have solid pieces of licorice, This brand did not. Very disappointing!
These reviews though, lmaoooo
BOUGHT THEM TO PUT ONTOP MY LEMON BARS
A woven basket is what is pictured; that is not what you get.
For one bottle ? That expensive no way. It is good but still
Nice, but there are No cooking instructions on individual packages just Blank, not good!!!
Not as much flavor as expected
Was hoping for more fruit , only raisins, disappointed
Only tried 1 cup and the chocolate is more that well pronounced- cannot hardly taste it!
They were tasty, but for the price, short on product.
Next year we will purchase larger housed
I have had this granola before and I love it. But when I ordered it from Amazon it was stale
They were stale Store ones are better
Great flavors. Crumbled in pieces. Did not ship well. Very expensive for 5 small snack bags.
When arrived boxed appeared weathered and one was leaking product.
Would not buy again
Expires today, the day I received it.
A few were very good but the rest were hard and stale.
It was not what I thought it would be.
Not the same taste as at the sushi place.
Flavor is not tasty
i thought it was a bit pricy for 2 ounces but i needed it and can not buy it in texas.
Bucket is not reusable since the lid was partially destroyed just getting it open.
A little stale but price attractive.
I only received LEVEL1-3...WAS EXPECTING MORE. REALLY DISAPPOINTED.
The picture does not match the size received. Overpriced for what you get
I was not a big fan of this coffee.  I will not order it again.  It was too bland for my taste.
It is gum, in a larger quantity
Yuck, flavor is too weird.  more like tea than RC
Like arnold palmers.... this are not it folks
The nuts were dried out. The dried fruits just ok. Will not order again.
Grandchild loves them but what a mess. Very crumbly.
the coffee is value for money but it taste like instant coffee.
Tried hot, but the taste was not good.
ordered dark chocolate because i do not want it overly sweet.  these were sickening sweet
I did not open this product so I cannot comment on the quality. The size surprised me
Packaging could be better and a few if the items were within a few days of their expiration date.
HI   IT SEZ VEGAN, BUT IT HAS EGG WHITES IN IT.  GO IT FROM AN EGG PLANT?  NOPE.
We thought they were too sugary!
Not good coffee! It is not as strong as I like.
Has a weird taste to it the kids all said, but they loved how it looked.
I like it but none of my family did.
Thin and flavorless with next to no kick...it is called hot sauce.
Got to do what you got to do.  it is pricey and takes a bit to get use to it.
So so but pricey
Package came damage. Everything was sticky in my box.
there are no flavor
Thin mixture with very subdued taste. Will probably return to the dry mix packets.
Too small. Good for a small round cake. Not a sheet cake.
Ok coffee but very weak on the hazelnut flavor...
I received a pack of 11 and not 12. Did not get what I paid for.
I did not like the bun.
Thought it had caffeine...
Too many broken wafers in package
Does not taste like the Haribo ones...
This tea tasted old and bitter. I will not buy again.
Found several with partial pits in them.
LOVE the vinegar, but is WAY too expensive.
Flimsy and not that tasty
Disappointed with taste my local store brand is better tasting.
Do not really like the flavor but it is coffee
Needed extra energy
Not too spicy or garlicky.
This seed never grows up
package was leaking when arrived, all over label, still sealed.
A heavy bread that tasted more like a bland cake than bread.
Did not like the taste
Good flavor, lousy texture. Very thin and runny.  Would not purchase again. Ok to mix in coffee.
way too salty do not recommend it.
Need to reduce the price of this product.
Several of the pops do not freeze even after being in the freezer for weeks.
Pods because my coffee maker to clog and spill grounds over the counter!
I do not think there is a lot of Kona in it.
The liners discolored my cupcake pan.
Poor QC in production...both bungs had large holes in the casing midway up the length
These arrived dented, like someone threw them around.
Every single can dented.  If that matters to you.
the product lacked excitement.
2 bottled broke when received
Crumbly and fall apart. I tried again next shopping order, but unfortunately same thing.
Not enough chocolate and loses flavor when cooked. Needed to add more chocolate.
Had for only a couple weeks and the handle broke
Great cookies, terrible price!
Did not really pay attention to the size, this is really big.
Not enough flavor in coffee
Liked it. Wish they had more flavors. Other flavors almost impossible to find.
Just a little too sweet for me
Texture is kind of odd and really hard to chew!
Love the taste but too expensive
The nuts were stale and made the whole bag taste old
dispite the claims on the label, there is plenty of preservitive in this
Does not for but a scoop is provided
I like the cheddar and pretzels; not so much the rainbow goldfish. It seems a waste.
Prefer another brand. This one was not as tasty
Stick fell off before it was on the cake
I would not paid amount of money that I paid for it again I do not see the benefit
Flavor was ok, not what I expected. A little on the expensive side.
It completely clumped up and did not dissolve at all
They do not compare to Maynards.
Bought these for my mom she loves these
Container was opened and powder had leaked out.
Probably just me, but the taste just is not the same as I remember it when I was a kid.
This jerky has good flavor but it is too soft. I like my jerky dry and a little tough.
I am not really big on dark chocolate, I gave it to my Daughter and her husband for Valentines Day.
Overpriced for the quality and taste.
One out of three were bruised.
Actually mostly peanuts. Not sure I would call that Mixed
The sour skittles were sticky like they had been wet. Other than that it was good.
It is okay. Typical grocery-store balsamic vinegar. Nothing special, very thin.
I will stick with French vanilla next time
Taste was a little blah but decent bars
The kale overpowers everything else.  Lesson learned.
Pricey. Nice and light but bad texture.  Reminds me of eating cold butter.
We are not as fresh/or chewy as I thought. We are sort of old
Not the sauce I wanted. My mistake. The one i wanted has no meat.
Product freshness date is not very far ahead.
This one is a bit to salty for my use!
"Taste is ""ok"" and expensive for what you get."
Coffee flavors seemed to dominate all the rest.
It was okay. I prefer another brand. The taste was not spectacular. I will not purchase again.
I loved them for a long while, but recently they taste like mud! Maybe I received a bad package.
some melted when arrived
They were dry, and I could not taste the seeds
This product has a after taste
These are about 97% dry.  I doubt if there is just barely a drop of moisture in every cookie.
Flavor is okay, but even a small cup is weak.
Way to salty taste! Will not purchase again
Not much pumpkin flavor
The bottom of 2 out of the 3 packages were not sealed and the tea was all over the shipping box
These were a pile of crumbs when they arrived and they are not very flavorful at all
It was very green and cute. It was very small though.
I used this in yogurt and oatmeal but I did not care for the taste and ended up not using it all.
Zevia ginger ale is really good,  however I recieved Dr. Zevia instead.  Disappointed.
Thought it would taste like pumpkin but flavor is lacking. Tasted like regular coffee to me.
There were only 15/16 bars in here
Trying to bring it back to life.
I do not know why but I expected the bottle to be bigger it is about the size of a peanut butter jar
Most of the candies was melted and some of the small toys broken.
Passable, but too bitter for my palate.
Six cans arrived so damaged they had to be thrown out. Will not buy again.
There were 5 or 6 dented cans when the order arrived.
Old stock? All the pringles were crumbs...
Kind of a weird aftertaste
Useable, but stringy, ginger.
Caused issues for my husband who has asthma.
Two days after purchase they started growing mold so I did not have a chance to try them.
i just opened the last bag of this order  it was moldy Quality of product concerns me,
This organic Peanut Butter is Okay. Not exceptional. I prefer Adams chunky.
not what I intended to order.....my mistake!
I guess with that large of a bag I expected to smell cinnamon.
Love this product, but shipping was slow and bags crushed somewhat, though contents intact.
The flowers did turn out beautiful but ugly vase.
somewhat bitter taste
Arrived with ingredients separated
Plus garlic. Otherwise, water. But that is the plan.
I could only use about 2/3rds of the mustard
We thought there would be 4 different flavors but only came with 2
Was not a fan of the texture
did what the name said it would
do not recommend this item.
Chocolate was melted
The flavors are odd.  The item is highly overpriced.  I am a Black Forest fan but this is a no.
I love celestial seasonings,  but this tea is rather weak. I have to use two bags per cup.
This did not work for me. It is not a coffee you would throw away by any means, but just not for me.
Only negative reason for buying was apple jelly  more grape than anything
It was not grounded Experso
Yes, I do like the sauce. Perhaps a tiny bit too salty.
There is not much taste.
It has an after flavor.
It will sweeten whatever you use it for. Keep it refrigerated or else it will spoil.
If you cannot have potassium do not use this
perhaps just got a bad jar.. previous  have liked and used this product for many years.
I usually drink Petes Major Dickensons. This was a milder than I had hoped but smooth.
Getting a bit pricey and not much dark chocolate involved
Yummy! Just like restaurant and hotel pancakes!
I like that it only has a few ingredients but it is high calorie and not very tasty.
Pretty but One of the sticks came broken..
Thought they would be a little sweeter. Did not taste fresh
Not much flavor and they are not that soft
Pies are basically destroyed and not eligible for return.
I like the tea. That is too pricey
My son has difficulty going to sleep. He eats 2 of these and it is helped.
Did not realize there was sugar in these
I found it too bitter for my taste so I add it to smoothies but will not buy again.
The flavor could be richer.
Just a little bit bigger than a can of Progresso soup.
The jumbo pops were not jumbo like they used to be.
Expired very shortly after we got it.
Box was wet and sticky from soda busting open but other than that was OK
Tasted the sweetner!
Taste is ok, using in place of bread  very expensive
Not strong tea. Smells lovely, tastes weak. But I do prefer a stronger tasting tea.
Good taste. Too expensive.
Did Not appreciate the dented cans.
Tiny peanuts.  Rather salty and peanut husks throughout the can.
Just a case of personal preference...I did not care for the mango flavor
Not bad. Not great
Not a good value for money.  More cookie than chocolate
Will try different peppercorns next to compare
There is a different taste from boiled dried pasta and the texture is more dense/chewy.
It was good, but disappointed because it was not that sour.
Did not like the taste
I Dislike The Fact That I Got A  Mody Pack Which Was Black Mod On The Tortillas...
I love these, but they are not a good value.  Very small bags at a very large price.
But I did not have to go anywhere to get it.
One of the bottles was empty
Great taste small quantity. Definetly would not recommend especially to a man. Not worth the price.
Tastes like biting into a fish oil capsule
One of the pumps came defective but for the 2 that work they work well
Not bad.  Slightly cheesier than the cheap dollar+ boxes of hamburger helper but not much better.
The taste is alright
Not all 160 items were sent. We were missing 5 items so in all we only got 155.
I ordered this because it had 24 but I only received 18.  I am using these as gifts for my students.
One din't bring the plastic cover.
The final product for scrambled eggs, is a bit rubbery.
Tips were soft. But Maybe just the time of year?
Am buying it because I need to be sodium reduced, but the flavor is not quite the same.
I do not like it that the coffee arrived just after the freshness date expired on package !!
Showed up with the lid busted, hence the 3 star rating.
Decent soup starter especially if watching sodium.
Not much for the price.
Price is high will buy from walmart in future
I could not get this activated.
Soda was flat to the taste.
It was decent coffee, but my machine had a hard time piercing the plastic capsules.
Got this for colon prep, acceptable taste
This did not have the flavor I was looking for, even after increasing the quantity per cup.
I did not expect this egg soup to have fishy taste. I am not a big fan.
Expect water that has a slight peach flavorI expected more than the slate flavor of peach pot.
I was not to fond of the taste.
Hit and miss, sometimes they are good and sometimes they are stale
Are you supposed to pour a bottle of rum on this?
Good value but candy was already hard and stale when we received it
Do not order in summer.  They all stick together
I wish they were bagged individually
arrived some what crumbly... as in SMASHED on one side
Not as flavorful as I had hoped.
Not the quality I was expecting for the price.
Flavor was gross, tasted like water, with the smallest amount of flavor.
This popcorn is tough. I remember past purchases being better.
I did not like the taste of these.
Too many peanuts. Not enough other ingredients , especially chocolate bits.
Thay have changed the packaging. I ordered 2 boxes paid for two and only received one
Ok but too expensive. Will not buy again.
Smaller than expected
Flavorful.  However, very expensive for what it is... I am looking for a better price point.
many of the cookies were broken
Not enough crab meat
I thought the flavor may have been a bit stronger and not worked with recipes quite the same.
I like the fact that there are no duplicate k-cups.
Tastes ok but not great.
You would not believe there was no scent of lime, just acid.
i question the freshness.
Coffee grounds come out of pod while brewing and also in box. Will not order again.
Many hearts were melted. Very disappointing as I was using for a special event.
Made smaller than I expected Not like new orleans
Some of the pomegranate were bruised and damaged
Only includes adhesive mounts which do not adhere on all surfaces
It is an okay product. The beans are half, and they taste weird. It came out in powder shape.
Not as consistent as it used to be but it is the cheapest per pod black tea out there.
Ok product not great
There is no percentage of monk fruit sweetener declared. It contains erythritol in label.
The flavors were a big hit though
Very weak cardboard paper material other than that cute.
Something has changed with Orville popcorn, not as light and fluffy as it used to be.
I need but about 5 teabags for one cup
Way overpriced for what you get
I love the tea bags but the tea is very bland and just tastes like green tea.
Cannot taste coconut. Coffee almost has a burnt taste
Dyed My fingernails orange
Good product but was disappointed that two of the cans were dented in shipping.
Texture after soaking in water and using it was what you would expect.
The salad itself is great. I am not a fan of the chicken. It tastes very processed and fatty.
Not really a fan of the aftertaste.
way too expensive......found it later for $2.00
Not as minty as i had hoped like when i buy this same tea from target
Overcharged and product had melted when received
Worked well - used to make in my ice cream but Michaels had a larger bottle for less $'s
This was purchased for a recipe and was supposed to be a pound. It is 12 ounces only.
Some of the crackers were crushed.
nuts soft maybe old.
Most of the pretzels were broken.
These spoiled in 3 days of purchase
Heavy and do not rise well.  Do not use a silicone scone pan. Buy a different brand.
Does not harden, so just made an absolute mess. Tasted good, not great.
It was okay but too expensive.  Would not order again.
The butter flavor is not where it needs to be.
these were good when you finally did get to taste a little bit of caramel I was disappointed.
wish I could have bought just one
Sooo the tortillas stuck together and i could not even try them 
It started turning brown the day after I got it
It is not bad, just not great.  I would not buy it again.
It is a pretty candy for party decor, but taste was not great
Wish there was a.sugarfree options
Overly priced, not enough of the product
the texture was too rough
Taste like old greasy ham .. I order this before but this one was not like others
For me it was too salty..!
Bag was damaged during shipping but the product itself works well
Ok but not great
It is great, but very expensive.
Time consuming preparation!
Yet another lemon candy promising to be tart, sigh, but alas sweet.
expect a lot of crushed leaves. It comes in plastic bag.
Not much flavor compared to Other cheese by same brand
Not as pictured, had to purchase castle separately
not super excited about this coffee. Tasted kind of stale. Maybe bad batch?
I think the peanuts could be slightly cooked a little more and seasoned.
My son loves chocolate teddy grahams we can find them anywhere
the package was broke, 02 can was broke also
Wanted to love it but it smelled  so rancid. Not a pleasant smell at all
Candy tasted like plasticdid not taste anything like starburst.
Not all chocolate, like a layer of chocolate on the surface of a wafer.
I cannot tell the difference in any of them.
Pops like popcorn but tiny and burns easily.  Not really worth the effort.
The cookies tasted good, but at least 75% were in broken pieces.
These are far TOO EXPENSIVE but... are super yummy
This tea might work on someone else, but not for me.
not that tasty or meaty
This was not great. I had to add a few seasonings to make it taste good.
Not as sift and buttery as I remember but yummy nonetheless
Some of them were a bit out of date, too-oo salty.
But not enough flavor this time around this batch was plan in the flavor department
Can buy cheaper in multiple smaller bags. Thought I was getting a deal buying bulk.
I bought this looking for a non-alcoholic version  of Kahla.  It is ok-ish.
Not as flavorable as Hersheys milk chocolate. It might just be what I like. But would not buy again
Very dry; not the brown bread of my memory.
Could not eat melted together
I love these but too expensive
They were already 2 that had holes pushed in them from the stems when they were delivered
Like the orange flavor. Other parts did not have enough favor.
At least they seemed fresh.
Many of the packages were very stale.
Not what I have been looking for so thus 3 stars.
Did not like the plastic taste of this honey Came in a plastic container
Arrived with every cookie crushed.
My jelly arrived and one jar was busted. Glass and jelly every where.
Did not notice any pain relief.
Flavor ok, expensive for what you get, imho.
Bland taste. Not same as others I have had
Not very flavorful. For 4-6 oz you need 2-3 pods.
Great product but very expensive. Might brr possible to find it cheaper elsewhere
Not the same as I remember it.
The taste is not what I expected. Then again, I am a coffee drinker
Could have been fresher
Not anything beyond the oridinary salted Pistachios in a resealable bag.
These were all melted
For salad,for appetizers, still, yummy.
I do not care for this flavor, but I like this brand's regular coconut water!
The flavocal carton was open and the product spilled out.
Just not enough jasmine for my taster
Very dry and hatd
Actually pretty decent chicken to come from a can.
When it arrived it was melted together.
Wished it had a richer taste. Gave mine away to some men that do not mind the calories.
Not as sparkley as I would hoped
Just ok...was hoping for richer flavor
I prefer the flavor from keto krunch.
There are better Highlander Grogs out there. This one tastes a bit artificial.
Decent brioche, not Whole Foods quality but still decent
It arrived with the top of and opened guessing it is probably missing a few
My husband uses this.
The fruit syrups are like snow cone syrups.
Does not work for the Keurig 2.0! No Kona for me this time.
I used it for cooking
Not enough cake and too much 'coating'.
Good but too expensive
It was delivered close to its expiration date.
I was not happy, most of chips mashed
The flavor is not quite what I expected.
"""Freshest By"" date was two months ago."
Very yummy but I was expecting a bigger size. These are finger size. Also took forever to arrive.
Call me old school, but this jerky is overdressed, and too pricey.  Not buying again.
It is what it is,  but it is 5 dollars cheaper at Costco.
Arrived as described, but did not taste as espected
Purchased for my daughter. She thought they tasted too processed.
Do not really taste any flavour.
I do not know yet it is a gift
It all tastes about the same
It is not even a cup of powder.  I will got back to my instant Lipton. Thanks just the same.
Missing one bag only got five
Had a waxy mouth feel and a lingering after taste.  Not much of a green apple taste at all.
Coffee is weaker than actual nespresso brand pods.
They taste like rubber. Not something I would buy again.
if you want a desert go for it....a meal I would think twice.
The flavors pictured on the box are not in the box. All the flavors I do not like were in the box.
Not bad, not greatest I have had.
Soft and old looking, not suitable for salads or eating raw.
Has a burnt taste to it. I will not buy it again.
When opened box and unwrapped jar it was sticky and it had been leaking on one side.
over priced rip off !!!!
less hulls than some brands, but not less than other brands, so why pay $6 a pound, not me.
Purchased as gift
The taste is not palatable. It is chalky in consistency
Packaging is different than advertised.
Will stop using bags as they need to use CO2 process for removal of caffeine. not chemicals.
I have purchased these nuts elsewhere and they have been fresher in taste.
It is only gold on one side which made it look a little cheap on the other side
Had a different flavor than the one made locally!
Has a strange processed meat quality to it
I am not use to the taste or the texture, but I think this will be an acquired taste.
I like the noodles but I do not like the after taste when eating.
A little to salty,had this for the first time in Vegas,been using it ever since
The hard candy tastes old and is chewy
From the picture, I was expecting all candy canes, not canes and sprinkles mixed together.
no big deal on this tea, pricey not well boxed and taste was not there for how it was advertised.
The bags are barely half full. Definitely not comparable to what you can buy at the store.
I ordered this product by mistake.  II did not want a laxative.
They all taste the same
I will go back to drinking it out of my Pickle Jar.
it was a present for my brother he loves these I myself do not really car for them
The expiration date is 12/31/2021 (8 months from purchase date).
Tastes good but I do not like how it is made of soluble corn fiber  That just sounds bad
My first couple swallows were a little hard to get down but by the end of the drink I wanted more.
Thought I was buying light roast this is serious dark.
These are not as tasty as some I have had. Some of the bags were burst.
not bad, I made a big mess though, was getting it out with toothpicks
Needs a lot of seasoning to be palatable, in my experience.
Justbnot what expected
Crunchy snack. No flavor.
Small and hard but taste ok.
I had these sent to my military son, he loves jerky. But he said they were extremely dry.
Tastes ok. 12 ounces seems small now since I usually buy larger.
I liked it,  but the taste of cinnamon was very weak
Same as grape nuts. Which is just roasted bread crust crumbs. Strangely addictive, though.
Did not like the taste no flavor. Will not buy again
Watery for a cream with a strange additional taste, will not order again
Tastes carbonated Not what I was looking for
Product arrived open and spilled out all over my box and floor.
Just ok very  edible rather just use instant rice. A little on expensive side.
There was not' as much in it as I expected.
I have used this coffee for many years but the last few batches do not compare to what it used to be.
Would not dissolve completely.
Not fill with carmel, as expected and delivery was tio long
Bitter. Just ok. Not sure I will buy again.
This is a bit bitter for my taste. Sweetening it helps, but I prefer a milder flavor.
I do not really taste KIMCHI but if you do not like KIMCHI... You would sensitively pick it up...
Easily dry, really oily.
The taste is different with herbal teas but it is alright. I will get used to it over time.
It is a little too fizzy and sweet. But if you chug it.. It is not a big deal
They are very thin was expecting these to be a bit more plump
Had to add a bullion cube for flavor.
They do not look too nice. All broken and not good quality
Unfortunately the cheese was not very tasty. It was good but not great.
These cookies are okay, just a little lemon flavor. Much too expensive, I will not order them again.
Not bad flavor at first but they had a bad after taste.
Item smaller than expected
The photos maybe a bit deceiving as to product/item size.  Quantities are what is stated.
I was after a spicy togarashi- this is not that.
An economical product but not very strong flavor
Tasted good, but did not melt well and was expensive for one cup of cocoa
faded in color and stuck together
Please note these chips are close to expiring. They have a month and a half left.
These came in fast and definitely taste like chocolate
Chocolate was melted .
it was missing a bag, and the box came in very damaged state, like it had been opened.
They are pretty hard.
These are so gross. I could not even eat one
Not so bad, but are definitely better brand regarding no sugar maple syrup in the market.
Good coffee, just too expensive.
Just thrown in a box I thought it would look like the picture
Ordered medium roast.  Probably should have ordered a stronger blend.
I wish it tasted a little more like actual fruit rather than a flat custard.
Great coffee but to expensive for a small can
They are very dry not the moist type I expected.
Taste weird... not like Starburst candies. More like gum that disintegrates when you chew.
Like the low sugar
Did not like the flavor of the sausage. I prefer the loaded potato soup.
The cups because run over because the water cannot get through the dense contents.
Dry Less flavor than other competitive brands and more expensive
I like this item, but it arrived unsealed!
I do not like the funfetti in the mix.I will not buy it again.
Too much anise in the recipe.  Was hard to eat even just one cookie let alone one full pack.
This thing only last me 2 damn months smh!
Wish they still had this
Most of the cookies were melted and broken.
I did not really like them for a first time cake person they would have been really hard to use
Thought was Halloween gummy bears type of gummy. Instead it was fruit gummy flavor and texture
Got this for our church's coffee hour. Appreciate the relatively inexpensive price on Amazon.com
Bought for an emergency
Did not care for it cut up mouth.
Ok tea, peach flavor very weak.
Tasty but overpriced. I probably would not buy these again but it was a fun, nostalgic treat.
Great candy bar.  Disappointed in value for money.
Mushy canned peas - no thanks
Given the choice, my sixth grade students preferred Smarties or Jolly Ranchers
More bitter than other dried spinach I have tried. Cannot use.
50 units are not coming, they are 45, they should fix the ad.
Not bad, not good for me
Much smaller than expected.
I thought these were all organic. Misleading description!! Only 2 or 3 boxes were organic!
Not much flavor which I find in most pod coffee. A little weak but acceptable.
2 expire 2023 1 expires c 2024 the rest in June and July 2022. 4 to 5 month away
Did not have enough cinnamon flavor for me.
Thought I was getting black walnuts but was English walnuts and from Costco
All the chocolate was melted.
I like wasabi that clears my nasal passages. This are not it.
Coffee Was acidity to me
Not enough butter
a nice average cup of green tea.
still trying it..
The message for the gift did not came.
It is about what you get on the side of your burger at a restaurant
Decent snack, not great, but not bad either.
they do not taste like brachs
I wanted a decaf tea but I will not buy this again
Not great it is ok
Not a stew.  Only noodles and sauce.
Paper cartons suck!
Unfortunately the smell was still too strong to call it deodorized cocoa butter.
You can survive on it.
Says you can write a message. Not an option. Ordered it anyways.
Seems the expiration is only 1 month I ordered as a requested gift. That was a month away.
They are big bags. They are not Decaffeinated.
The potency of flavor is flat, seem to be watered down.
Not really spicy
I did not know where it was till I looked in mail box
Must be last years jelly beans.
The product is labeled raisins but there were none!
I guess P.T. Barnum was correct.
I was hoping I would like these, but no.
The boxes always come dented.
Very Very Expensive!  Excellent Product just take a look at price for size then decide.
The chocolate came completely melted.
Cannot compete with the Luxardo.
Not as fresh as I expected.
I am used to purchasing avocado oil in glass so was not paying attention, this is in plastic
The chocolate tasted like bubble gum. The kids did not mind, though.
Do not know the dog ate it.
It is a little too sweet. I was hoping for a deeper bbq flavor.
it is fully melted and very tiny size
Smaller than wanted. Jellies crushed during shipping.
This beef is fattier than 92%.
Flavor is good. Disappointed that they are stuck to wrapping.. makes ya wonder
A few of the candies were already opened. Really bummed.
It was ok but a little hard to chew
Even though i like korean coffee mixes. I would just go buy a starbucks
great taste , a little on the expensive side
I expected there to be some broken coins but more were broken than I was expecting.
Wish you would have less almonds and more of the other nuts. Probably will not buy this again
Did not really like them
Where is the almonds and marshmallows???? Does not taste like Rocky Road
not what I expected
Decided to try this flavor. Will stick with peppermint instead.
Smooth and creamy but expensive
It is gum, but not very pickley.
Did not like them at all.
I should have paid attention to sizd
I do not like the texture
Love the tea it is my favorite. I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the price to ship it this time.
Does not really taste different than Folgers, I used my French press, only on my first cup though
Too sweet. Tone down the sugar a bit
Soft but the flavor fell flat.
Heavier than expected, lots of money spender in taxes because of the weight...
One flavor was good the other was bad and seemed moldy.
A little on the stale side. I love Allsorts so much that I ate them anyway.
Same quality in Green Bay,WI and cheaper
Arrived all broken up and crushed.  Barely ok.  I will spend my money elsewhere.
Too many dark roast blends.. poor selection
The purchase was supposed to have two different versions.  I received two boxes of the same..
Pretty thin and not very flavorful.  I have had better.
Very expensive,  good taste
I think the headline says it all
a little too sweet
A few were broken but I had enough left to make my cake lok fabulous
Very mild. Not the usual Starbucks robust flavor.
There were a lot of moldy or spoiled nuts in this bag.
Box of 24 only contained 23!
Some not compatible with 2.0. Such a bummer!
It is what it is. Served its purpose.
Rice has a foul smell when being cooked and served
Did not have much flavor,  they all tasted the same
Syrup container came damaged and spilled all over the box
In this case Cinnamon Toast Crunch is better... Sorry guys.
After trying different strengths in bottled water I decided it was not to my satisfaction in taste.
Each packet has about 6-7 cinnamon sticks.
I do t care for this it smells like old lady perfume
COULD BE SWEETER.
Not as malty as I had hoped.
The bucket came without the normal seal and it became stale VERY quickly.
Did not last one day. Not fresh at all
expectcted bigger
These wraps are tasty but fall apart immediately.
cookies all thrown into tin instead of packed in paper cups
I only received 11 packages!!  I was supposed  receive 12!!!
Personally do not like this watermelon flavor. It does not taste like watermelon at all.
They do not taste like coconut. I am kind of disappointed. Meh
There were several woody pieces and for that price there should be none!
Came with 2 open pickle packs. Juice everywhere.  I suppose it can happen.
I did not like the taste, so only had a few.
They ran a little large and did not have much padding. Not very comfortable.
Our recent order tasted off (almost sour and flat somehow), typically this is our favorite.
Taste was not what I was hoping for.  It is coffee not a creamy cappucino.
Snacks for ball team. Kids did not like them
Open product in the box.. only one of them but the whole box was a sticky mess!
3 instead of 5 stars because you cannot pour it anywhere without it getting all over your kitchen
Candy coating starting to melt
Received smaller jars than expected.
Nothing really negative I have just tasted better chocolate.
It is okay but very expensive.
This was listed as a pack of 6, but there were only 5 cartons in the box we received.
The large branch benders are nice, but the smaller ones are useless
There is so little in that bag and they are quite tiny!
gave to my flavor challenged mother in law.
Not enough for the money
Several of my creamers had burst open when it arrived to my door 
All the vines were broken and obviously not fresh.  Tasted ok, but would not buy again.
They were a bit big for the cupcakes but I made them work because I had no other choice.
It is a little smaller than a Nespresso capsule but I managed to make it work.
I thought bottle was bigger , and really could tell no difference from any other flake salt.
...which is not mentioned anywhere.  They cannot be cooked in a microwave.
It is organic Wish it was darker chocolate
Pricey for the amount you get. However they are advertised correctly.
expire date is too short!!!
A few packs were empty, but as far as good, I mean Nerd ropes! Who does not love them?!
not what I expect
They do not look like the picture and the taste like nothing.
Love the initial flavor but it lasts all of a minute and then goes dead.
Did not taste a difference.
Pieces get under Denture. No solution for that.
I ordered 2 pounds and got 1 pound 4.9 ounces
I found these to have a bitter flavor. Did not like.
I do not like the taste
Every pod I have used comes through with grounds in my coffee. Canceled my subscription.
Expect to only be buying the tin because the tea is weak & flavorless. Tin is pretty though.
Was expecting it to be a lot courser, it comes out of our salt grinder like a dump truck
Used for the office.
No cyberpunk rockstar as shown on description. Garbage. I want my 12 xbox bucks 
Flavor does not last more than a few minutes, but I appreciate finding the soy-free product.
Not as tasty - something has changed with the flavoring
This product did not meet my expectations.  Not thick enough and not good flavor.
3 cans of soup were severely dented in the mushroom soup shipment
Lacked in variety and def did not pass the kid pantry test.
not what I thought
It is ok , not much different then other dark roast coffees
Did not take it I was to scared
Was hoping to like it. Too bitter for my tastes.
I am not sure if I like it better than Fog Chaser, but it is hard to beat for the money!
Tasty if you use the smallest brew setting.
Not as butter tasting as some I have had.
They did NOT taste fresh which is very disappointing coming from Whole Foods. No offense!
recently saw this same product at Publix for 1/2 the price as Amazon.I do like it very much
At least 5 bags where broken. But other then that they taste good and all 35 where in there.
On a fresh the scale of one to ten, he is rated no better than a five.
This flavor is VERY peppery. It is pretty thick for a drinkable soup, but not bad.
Flavors are kind of bland.  The cinnamon hazelnut was pretty disappointing.
My kids did not like it because the taste was not identical to ketchup
Not enough mint and too much bite.
Gum breaks in to a few pieces, but taste is still there. Not good but not bad.
Fed to the birds..
Ordered 90 calorie, got half the order of 70 calorie.  Taste is nowhere near the 90 calorie ones.
I like this tea but it is only one box . Very relaxing. Unable to find in stores.
Too heavy and was not liked by my gluten free brother
Product arrived open and unusable
3 of the six cans were dented.
Some were chewy, right on. But others were hard. As if there is zero quality control
Was poorly painted. They fall apart easily
i do not know if it is the product or the mixture but the sense of plastic was there...
Uses sucralose as a sweetener. Tastes like a diet cola.
Only recieved half of this order
Buyer beware, these have soy.
to expensive, but I love the way it tastes
Not the best, not the worst. Salty - but expected.
They would not seal correctly on my kurig.
Not nearly as spicy as I was hoping.
Crackers too small. The pictures on the bag look bigger and better.  They texture is sandy for me
Usually my favorite, but these were stale.
Good flavor but, expensive.
The Frosting Sheets were dry and cracking
Sorry but I like Sleepy Time tea better. (Made by the other guys)
Not as tasty as they were years ago.
should include the size of the cotton candy lollipop
I thought this would be compatible with Garrett popcorn but it was a dismal comparison.
Wish it were hotter.
Bought this then found the same size bottles at Costco Business for 1/4th price!!
Not at all soft. Outer thick she will shatters apart and inside is not soft.
The cost and it takes weeks to a month to receive your order.
Shells were still on the nut
The ginger tea is stronger than the one I use to buy.
needed them but would not buy again because too pricey!
The product tasted good but the size of the bottle was ridiculous considering the cost!!
Cheese just not to my liking.Gave it away
Cool variety of snacks however the price for the amount of snacks is a bit ridiculous.
No impressed but ok
Some of residue sticking to seal?!
Gum arrived in a clump in the bag. Refund given. Ordering replacement
Really good taste but way too expensive for what you actually get.
We prefer the craisins without the added blueberry.
The ravioli were a little doughy and did not have enough broccoli rabe.
I received the package with 3 crushed open cans in it.
Works just fine for a second thought it was broken but just had to readjust the pump
Freshness matters alot.
Got about 3/4 of a container
Taste great but not organic , a little bit expensive, I wish they made for vegan without dairy.
Labeling was different on kcup and so was taste.
They arrived looking close to expiration.
I was not a fan. Will not order again
Taste different then the ones you get a variety pack, not to much chocolate taste to them
Molded 3 days after I got them
taste too strong.Could not drink no matter what i mixed it with
Try keeping, in cool n dry place, from discoloration, of few olives, please!!!!
Used to be creamy, now it is like water
Not the worst hot chocolate, also not the best. It seems on par with like swiss miss.
Supposed to be a variety pack, but I only received the bacon flavor, which is our least favorite
Taste was spot on but pricey for the amount you receive.
Not as good as Gardettoes and 2 expensive. 8 dollars a box. Rip off.
Does Not have a taste
Product is as described.
The box and the inside plastic bag were both opened upon arrival. Is there a way to get it replaced
WOULD NOT BUT AGAIN.
They are not like the soft ones in the store. They were burnt cookies when I opened the pack
cookies are about 6wks to expiretoo short for storage
If you are looking for a bold flavor black tea, keep looking. This one is quite weak.
Very harsh mint flavor. More like a after diner mint. Buy these if you want harsh peppermint candy.
Used for meat substitute in sphagetti anf flavor was just as though I had used hamburger.
I drink a lot of tea and this will not be one of them..
Only got 29 of 30 pieces.
Roasted a little long for my taste. Almost burnt to me but that is subjective I guess. Fresh.
Looks too similar to the vanilla RX bars- not what I wanted.  
Very little food for the money. If dieting, then maybe this is the right item.
Although the tapioca was fine, the box was open slightly and had lost quite a bit of Contents.
Flavor is OK but too salty.  Expensive too.
We like this candy and have had the same type in the past, but this shipment did not seem fresh.
Much smaller than I anticipated, not high quality cardstock
Not much flavor, or bitterness to them. I will use them up but will not purchase again.
These were soooo delicious but super bad for the environment :( Do not purchase this...
Tastes good but the calories are crazy and for value must get when discounted.
Okay....but not the yogurt fan I thought I was
The flavor is not like freshwater fish. It is not what I expected, but I guess it will do in a pinch.
It is good while it lasts but the flavor does not last long unfortunately!
Not much flavor in my opinion.
20 percent tender.  70 percent tough.  10 percent inedible.  A little sweet for my taste.
This coffee tastes good but is a little too weak for me.
Must toast to keep from falling apart.
We are both elderly and needed something to give us a boost. This seems to help with our energy.
Love these nuts just think they are rather expensive
did not like what my title says
Kernals are not fluffy & do not pop completely- Lots of hulls.
Definitely not value family size. A lot smaller then described.
I do not notice an increase in energy after drinking this.
my fault -- did not read the information closely --this is made in China so gave it away.
One bottle was leaking.
Did not live up to expectations
The bottle leaks, even though sealed.
Okayish! Did not enjoy much.
It makes you smell. Congrats?
The gummies where actually good but the package was missing at least .5 pound of gummies
Is so experience for the size of the product!
It has a good flavor, but the amount listed is very weak. Not a strong chocolate taste
The taste of course is not fresh but it is a bit chalky even trying with different milk types
They are ok, a little too bland and not a noodle texture I prefer for ramen.
But I have developed preferences and the variety does not meet my needs anymore.
I guess if you are a vegetarian it is okay. But if you are a beef eater I do not care for it. Sorry
Tastes just like ketchup, not that big of a ketchup fan but had to try them.
This a knock your socks off in your face cup of coffee
Bag was leaking when it arrived
Really small. Flavors fine.
You will need a pocket knife to open! Other than that, tastes like Pepsi.
Did not notice no difference in my health drinking this
Was curious, prefer wildflower honey
Wanted to put these on cookies but they are not edible.
This was to be a gift and did not come boxed as pictured.
expected a little more flavor
Use these on air popped popcorn, they are yummy
This is just a broth.  It does not have any vegetables in it.
Did not taste as well as stated but everyone is taste buds are different
did not like enough to purchase again
It was much weaker than I expected.
It tasted half uncooked. Cosco is better and cheaper and bigger.
Ok but too expensive for the quality.
Needed to repot immediately
If you like raw cookie dough ALOT, you might be ok with these. Very sweet and artificial tasting.
The flavors all taste the same.
Well selected seeds and different flavor from China products
Average tasting jerky, but the price is right...you get lots of jerky for a low cost.
It did not have as much flavor as I expected.
Buy 2 but only one survive.
They did not give enough green apple
This is an acquried taste,  I did not care for it
none at this time.
Smaller than expected for the price. Will not buy again.
I like the crunch and being individual sized. I do think it is too salty though.
Were not really what I expected, a bit too sweet
Product did not work well in my Kuerig
Hot chocolate in a k-cup, a little pricey but it works.
Came with bag opened and spilled everywhere
Ok. Fits expectations.
eating during the day and evening
Was not WHAT I had asked for
This stuff needs to be priced lower.
I used immediately after receiving and found the tomatoes to already be mushy
I have to put some extra AP flour!
Different taste and texture.
Way overpriced. Will not reorder
Good product but they. Were stale.
I only wanted the one with the red cap not the other flavors
Really dissappointed. Not enough different flavors...mostly cinnamon & mints. Will not buy again.
It is an alright coffee
Takes a lot to taste the difference
This product  gave me stomach problems
This is the second time I ordered these for my mom and this time the package was half full.
DID NOT LIKE THE ONE FLAVORED WITH CHERRY
That The Damn Expiration Date Is OnThe 9-4
Arrived damaged and leaking.
Someone stole the Starbucks Rewards sticker!
Pod leak grounds. Needs quality control.
Tastes okay while drinking. But aftertaste is weird
Smaller than expected
Salty and dense.  Not a fan.
This product is thin and sweet. It does not make a creamer at all.
Does the job when i cannot brush my teeth at work.  It is gum.
Not BIG, or hullless.  No recipe book included.
The candy was not fresh as shoud be not round and did not unwrap easily  flavor was a bit flat.
Did not arrive in the freshest condition and did not survive until I could use them...
Tasts fine but not real high mountain milk tea. Read the fine print. Small can and expensive.
These chilis are NOT chili Pequin. Chili Paquin are also called birdseye peppers.
Decent little sample pack
Very neat, but unfortunately I do think taste slightly different.
Works well in my Keurig with no problems. I just prefer a stronger coffee.
I was not a fan of the texture or taste
It tastes good but I am so disappointed I cannot eat it. It is too spicey hot for me. I am sad.
Meh on the mint and coffee flavors.
One was open and spilled all over
Same as you buy in stores.
Love the product just too expensive for the price.
Sad cardboard.  And I love this type of cracker.
I ordered the variety pack of 3 flavors recvd only 2 flavors between the 3 boxes
Pictures look bigger
The flavor is gross, but it gets the job done
The container was a little more than half full and tasted stale. I should have returned it.
Came smaller than expected
Only received one jar of jam
Item was a gift. Quality unknown.
Tea is great, price is awful, its only $4.99 at 2 different local stores
It was melted into on big pile by the time it got to my house.
Like Capri Sun, but they arrived crushed and damaged.
Chips are tasty. Not too salty.
No me gust mucho
Supposedly a very healthy snack but flavorless, woody texture and expensive
Some of these did not work in my brewer. The bottoms were too far up to work.
Very tasty but very small. Looks bigger on the packaging. Not very meaty.
NOT AS GOOD AS THE ONES FROM MY CHILDHOOD. :(
Yep, short expiration, barely 1 month. I will freeze, and stretch out for a few months.
Little taste and bit old
Was not what I expected could Have been because of the decaf
Not well-potted and not rooted.  I would not buy it again or recommend it.
Pretty tough to kneed. The color is spot on through. True Navy blue.
Since it was leaking and is supposed to be refrigerated when opened I threw it away immediately.
I like the quality but they must try to do something about packaging those jars without breaking
adaquate, have not used it yet, to see what it does to my pans.
It was like eating a sweat, thick, cracker. That is it. I live for the experience.
this food but they only give you 1 month to finish 2.2 lb a little bit too rush
Decent flavor, not great but not horrible either.
One of the bottles leaked and could bot get it replaced
Two of the larger clear iresident balls had a huge hole broken out of the side of them.
Will not buy again. Lacks flavor.
It is TOO fine. Consistency of dust. Not a good purchase.
Bag did not have Crunch.
Not really worth the money.  Good enough rice, but just simply not worth the money.
Too easy to overcook, far too expensive for the carb savings...eat your egg noodles.
Not a high quality product. You get what you pay for in something made in Mexico.
Bag is usually half full of small pieces of chips.  Great taste but tired of eating with a spoon.
did not care for the chocolate. you might.
Wow tiny box, but packed with the usual pack flavor!!
Not quite the flavor I am used to for creamed sliced beef.
Some of the candy wrappers did not have candy in them.
Tastes like plastic, like the bottle leeched into the liquid.
Great tatse overall, however, seems like ever single pack in the box has broken biscuits.
A lot of the whole Star Anise were broken which I cannot use in what I needed them for.
They are alright  syrups, I would not buy them again though.
Really crappy packaging. The arrived broken and the few that stayed whole were covered in crumbs
There was no flavor to the crab.
My husband loves the taste, but had to use so much.  It did not last very long.
I am not really accustomed to runny peanut butter.
There is nothing Mini About these sharks.... I needed something smaller for my intended project.
Beware... boxes had no inner lining and powder had leaked out everywhere.
Some of the is too old.
Tastes kind of stale
Bought it for my daughter as she is on the go alot and she loves it.
The tea bags seem to come apart after a while so watch out.
product is expected
This is a plastic bottle.  I do not think it will keep as well as the glass.
Does not have a flavor to it
I mean it is ramen, it is obviously not amazing, but it is pretty good.
The last bag was 5 star this one is ok but not good not as much flavor.
The texture was not good and it was way too tough. It had a good flavor though.
Next time buy it in a store
Returned. Package was super small. No way I paying that price.
I expected better favor in this dip. It is very thin and not very tasty.
For the price given you should get more than 4 very small cups of cheese and 4 of the salsa.
Planted it this morning and waiting to check it out
Nothing distinctive about this tea.
Does what it says, but it does have an after taste.
purchased it for knitted items to set the color
Love them but it came melted.. Very sad
Coffee grounds were  all over the other items sent with coffee.  I found one pod open.
not what I expended,
Not maple-y enough I AM GOING TO.
smaller than expected
After eating a few bags the flavor becomes very old. I got sick of these very quickly.
Sigh... sweet but not so firm
Everything that et needed
Not what.we wanted
21 grams of sugar for two cremes!
Not great but ok. Overpriced but acceptable. Will not order again, however.
Too sweet and needed to be cooked .  Used as instant was too raw and crunchy
pretty standard seasoning, price is a little high but they add a lot of flavor
I was expecting ginger/honey slices
Ok, I guess? Pricing stinks.
just not like drinking coffee at a dunkin store
Looks old lots of brown
Tastes just like grounded peanuts. Taste the way it is suppose to.
Short exp. date 8 months
They are decent enough
Does not taste like the gum at all
few packages was not seal enough, meaning the coffee was not in Vacuum as it should be .
We ate them even though they came melted.
Pretty decent tasting, but too expensive.  Easy to make your coffee.  Probably will not buy again.
Ok for general tea drinking, especially if you add milk or creamer. The flavor is a little muddy.
Could not even taste any truffle flavor
Does not have the tajin flavor nor the chamoy flavor I was looking for.
The corn could of been fresher .
mostly when I get this item a lot of them are broken or just crumbs
My son is Gluten intolerant.  Myself I like standard pancakes but I will eat these
The Toppers fell apart for the price
Tastes great but gives me bad gas!
Sweeter than expected.
Too much sauce. Cherries too big.
Too pricey ..  getting same item for <4$'s
Overpriced and took forever to receive. Also did not have one of the flavors i was anticipating.
Did not expect them to be repackaged.
This product is very pricey. The taste is not great.
It is good. But not good enough for such a price.
They are quick to send.  I am not sure if I am seeing any difference  in my health.
I found one empty bottle of bai in one of my 12 packs
I will never buy Belvita again, having read that the ingredients include GMO products!
no complaints here
All the starburst were pink
These were a gift and reportedly the pistachios were old.
it only cuts onions a maximum 4 inches in diameter.
Tried pancakes and waffles
Some of the items were not as pleasing as others
some of them were molded
The chocolate was old
The cookie is very small, taste was okay. Not worth the $9.99 cost.
Flavors were ok but not great
Chips have short expiration dates
Does not have the fragrance or the taste of darjeeling. Not bad tea but a bit plain.
The packaging really stinks, but the product is good.
Seemed to work at first, but stopped working after a few bottles.
Taste not great. Would not buy again.  Will go back to golden variety.
Every chew tastes like Christmas.
It was okay, but some were very hard (not fresh) and color cracking off.
title says it all
The product is good but it is too expensive for the amount you receive
The drink is very sweet and has a very small percentage of the actual fruit juice.
"Not the ""Xtreme"" flavor"
Not bad. Needs a little honey but overall good. Expensive.
Does not have any garlic flavor. Taste like mayo.
I would buy again but does not take anything like starburst
They tasted kind of stale...
This product is no longer on store shelves. Why?????  No one knows....
This is ok, not nearly as good as some of the other dark roast. Definitely worth the money
There is a bit of an off-putting odor and te gum doe not last very long.
Mediocre taste - you better off spending a few extra min and cooking from the scratch
no chestnut flavor and not enough glazing
little sweet for my taste
All directions are in German and measurement are metric, therefore we had to find directions online
These have to be eaten with dip.  They taste like cardboard.
$10 for 3.5 oz??? I did not pay attention to the size. It is going to be like 10 cents a noodle..
Weak so use more
I do not believe it should be dry
Smaller cartons than expected.
Would not reorder.
kind of weird taste for seltzer
High cost for the size bag, but it is one of the few places that make it.
Seems to be dry. I have watered as told. Will see if it survives
The crackers arrived late and most of them were broken into tiny pieces.
Not worth a re-purchase... Delvery time was long.. Came from the Netherlands.
Serves its purpose
Sometimes these get shipped with only two weeks left on the freshness date.
Smaller than what I thought they were going to be!!!
They were melted
The strongest coffee I have ever received from the internet. My Wife refuses to drink it.
I have never had matcha before, wish I knew it tasted like grass
Crazy price for such a small amount. Does have good flavor and texture.
Never had the cherry, and do not like them.
Not completely gone yet and would reorder if my 'taste and smell' direct.
Cute cutting board, that is about it.
Not bad but had a grainy texture that I did not enjoy!
The whole mixing pancakes to pour gard cereal on top is lame. Bought it once will not again
Arrived as expected
A couple of cans dented
Could not really taste the ginger
Needed for Thai recipe.
This kit does not come with the boba pearls. Just the brown sugar syrup.
Do not like the smell and taste. Will not buy again/
When I received the package, the box was open and there were only 23 packets not 24.
smaller container than i expected.
They are a bit bland, not as flavorful as most, sorta taste like fake sugar sometimes.
Great flavor but I have yet to find a brand that does not contain rocks. Some are impossible to chew
Was short on the number of cocoa packets
Just does not have the flavor punch I was expecting, especially for the price.
My order came on time but the order was short one package.
I wanted the big bag. That is what i get for ordering while high.
Description and image are much smaller than shown
Too many were broken. Not good quality.
Smaller then I expected
Was expecting larger granules  (as I had  from from a different brand).
smaller than I thought it was. I wanted something alittle bigger.
It came without the brush
Tasty, too expensive, have had better for a lot less money
Just mehh. Will not be ordering again.
Gave my son a headache
Thought it was individual packets of salad dressing was surprised to find dry herbs
Does not taste like anything. The replacement sugar makes it taste gross. Filling though
Still fattening, especially if you are a Weight Watcher
Some of the crackers were crushed
I thought is going to help to to loss pounds but not
Only 10% kona coffee
Some in each bag  very fishy. Amount for price not good.
It was much saltier than I expected
It did not have the signature peanut shape. I think they are from Canada.
Flavors good but a little hard to bite.. If you like tough crunchy sticks then this is for you.
it was not for me.
Just not my cup of tea.
Definitely not to taste that I was expecting. Not for me.
The expiration date is in August. It is near but acceptable.
It is a lot of chocolate!
I received the bottle damaged.
When I opened the package half the first row was broken. These cookies are really dry and crumbly.
Seams l received an old bag, my beans were so dried out when l soaked them they turned to much.
It is not very juicy, it is wet, but lacks the ling hing mui flavor
Just not my favorite coffee, nothing wrong though. Totally drinkable.
Nothing special, just a plain bagel.
Not very much in the bag
Less flavor than the other bold varieties.
There were only 11 bottles when I opened the package.
They all arrive crushed. Basically got coconut crumbs.
The description is for 12 packets but I only got one
I eequested 2 large but receive 2 small.  Did not get my moneys worth.
Same as you buy in store, mine arrived in reasonable time and undamaged.
Well, I will not buy this again.  Maybe another willl like it, but I did not.
coffee arrived, no box just taped up .boxes where tore all to hell!!
Ok but paper thin. You end up needing to cook twice as much
Texture is ok. But there is a strange after taste from the artificial sweetner
I eat a lot of dried mushrooms and this was just not the right taste for me.
Should have showed the back of the tin.
Ok. No that tasty
not really citrus marinade. kind of like mole sauce thick and brown
Not enough apples inside the dough.
i think i would try another flavor also i would buy the meat cutter
These are slightly smaller than regular candy corn, but no where near close to mini.
Not worth the price for only 12 lollipops, wish I had gotten 24 like stated.
Arrived as expected
Every time i order bread it comes smooshed
Bought this as a gift.
Comes in a random box of loose k-cup pods. Hopefully they are still fresh and not expired.
It will do the job. I thought it would be a little bigger. But it will do
Just could have been fresher.
case looks like it was cut open and then placed in shipping box
The coffee is very weak, not at all strong as it claims
The were old and stuck to the box 
Flavor is fine, but half of the bag is completely crushed!
Very dry taste. So dry made it almost inedible.
But maybe this is what butter cookies are supposed to taste like.
The box was badly bent on arrival. The snacks are okay. I miss the old formula
It is kosher certified, but not kosher salt.
I do not like that it has palm oil in it-
The box was crushed
ordered the pancakes, got the cake mix (e_e)
They are super cute but taste terrible!
Very large pieces, but very thin. A little sandy. The D'Artagnan were better.
Seemed a bit pricey for flavor quality
fresh and ready to use. however I planted some that has not sprouted so I am disappointed.
These beans lack taste,threw them out,sorry.
The string is glued to the seem so the bag rips open when you take it out
It is all mixed with beef.
Products was leaking
The popcorn was old.  Not fresh at all
have to add some milk a bit too chocolate
Is that the price for one 12 pack
box was smashed almost flattened
Have not use the recipes yet.
Very little mince meat. Better than nothing but hardly.
Might be good for you but I cannot eat because it taste to bad.
Much smaller than I imagined. I am just hoping it gives my cupcakes the extra wow  I visualized.
I received the candy a month late. The candy tasted like it was old candy.
Average as far as butter flavoring goes.
Not my favorite cheese a little dry to me and overpriced
Not as flavorful as my regular GM blend.
The chocolate on these was excellent. However, the mangos were very tough and hard to eat.
Could be sweeter too
Too chunky, too hard to chew for this old man.
Wish they made organic options!
wanted brown to plant.
Chips arrives broken.  They were baked so light and prefer darker baking.
Great taste but too expensive! You can get it for a lot less at the supermarket.
It is small and tiny. For the price I can get it from local stores.
I did not care for it
Nothing special.Will not buy again.Why is 33% of daily salt necessary?
I liked how they were individually wrapped, but two of the candies were broken not packaged well.
I prefer a larger bean. Not such a skinny bean.
Love this chocolate bar, but this source has stale bars.
Thought they were bigger And taller
bad part they are more shredded than cut
Was wanting to know why I was not notified that my order was delivered via text.
One bag of colors was already opened when I opened the box.
Close to original but hard to chew
There were melted and stuck together.
Hard bar and hard to eat but it has good taste
They have barely or hadly any flavor when compared to other jarred truffles.
Its what you would expect
I wanted to re order and the price went up. So I bought a different brand.
Not peachy enough
Pretty good but not great.  Not worth the price.
Received 2  sleeves expired in April 2021 and 1 sleeve expired May 2021.
Uncle did not like sorry but I love Harney & Sons Teas
it was not ripe enough to eat. Left it at window sill and it never did ripen.
Del monte is always a good product you can never go wrong with ordering from them.
I paid less money for a much larger bag at TJ MAXX..
6 cans were severely dented. I hope they last without spoiling. We have not tasted them yet.
Too sweet. Will switch to plain and add some drops of vanilla extract and agave syrup or something.
nice but too expensive (sourdough all too expensive - need new methods, competition)
Flavor was fine, but chips were all broken.
It was a little to sweet for my liking.
God tea just not for my taste buds.
am more fond of another brand. Nothing wrong the the taste or quality of this brand.
Not enough for the money
Well I ordered these before and I got big sharks but now I received tiny sharks. You were warned.
Have not used it yet but item was received as pictured.
Too long cannot remember.
Was not spicy enough.
Value for money just did not like the taste
I guess See's chocolates have spoiled me, these were not the way I remembered.
i really am enjoying first tin of wild blueberry, this tin disappointed
Now that I have ordered it I have to learn how to eat it. It taste just like the beet root.
Too many cherry and blue ones in the bag. Too few peach and apple.
3/5 in both taste and burn.
Flattened. Crushed bags
Comes in to pieces, the crowns and toothpicks to stick them on.  Glue dots provided to do this.
Works as advertised.
There is an aftertaste with the coffee which I did not like!
Coffee is on the weak side. It also makes my Keurig show an error when it pokes through top of pod.
Both cans of coffee were crushed at the top near lids.  These were gifts. :(
Did not have enough flavor
Taste was not for me. Not bad but just not good
I cannot find a date on these, but they are not as fresh as I expected
Not as creamy as I like in my cottage cheese. Might buy again if on sale/coupon.
Not one of the better Kusmi teas. Too bland compared to other herbal teas.
I found the bag way to big for one person to use.
Greatcandy! Will be my next thing to order!!
Not long after I received the product several of the different products expired.
Boxes dented by heavier items placed on top-not in any shape to be given as Valentine gifts.
Not a huge fan of the taste but it is not bad.
Another flavor disappointment.  Some were good - some were not.
The jar I received seemed to be lacking spiciness, and flavor when compared to others.
Looks delicious yet NOT! Cannot taste the chicken at all but you can see little bits of it.
Only reason I have it at 3 stars is because of the price. King Kullen has it for like 20 bucks.
Missing a box when arrive. It was not as advertised.  I was hoping to receive the full package.
Well , N the reviews I Read B 4 Buying, I was led 2 believe it had fewer Hulls ... It does not
paid for no stems and it had stems..lol
They were smaller than i anticipated and they were quite costly for just 12.
Not with the price.
Yuch.  Just my opinion of chicory in general.
A little too sweet. I will go back to Luxardo.
I purchased this for someone else
This is quite salty for my taste.
My first time using this and gives me awful gas  Tastes great though!!
I expected them to be somewhat soft like a rice crispy. But they were hard.
The item is technically $2.99. Rip off !
This was a gift, so I cannot comment.
To expensive received fairly quickly though same day delivery
Went bad very fast sealed in a ziplock bag. Tasted good
I used it for breakfast. What else?
Only used them once
OVERPRICED IN THAT SIZE
Not salted enough FOR ME.
Product was the same but instead of plastic container, was shipped in bags.
The flavor was not there and it was saltier than I would prefer
A lot smaller bottle was shipped than expected
Not what I remember as a child. They just do not taste the same.
I like the French and Dark roast, but there not an equal amount of the 3 types.
I purchased milk chocolate ones and mixed them.
Fresh but not exciting
It technically does the job, but it just ehhh
Tried it several different ways. Not for me.
A human HAIR is in the tea brick/block. Would give zero star if I can
The taste was not that good as expect and somehow a little bit too expensive
Bananas were bruised so we ate them all in one day.
Kindof gritty. More complicated than I like for AM coffee
These are minis still the same weight but there smaller bites
Not the greatest tasting coffee, but definitely not the worst tasting.
Does Not really pack that heart racing punch
Liked the citrus so tried this one but not impressed.
the product does not contain the 2 packages that the box stats.
cannot recommend lot of coffee grounds in cup
Meh, I have had better and had worse. They all seemed to taste the same.
with some blueberries and a few blk raspberries. no red raspb.
Basically a bag of flavorful crumbs. Thought they would be in snackable pieces
Product arrived damaged.
These are ok. I just cannot get past the texture though. That is probably just me, I like firm pasta.
My product arrived damaged
Extremely salty. Barely taste the turmeric.
Good product, but too expensive for the number of servings.
My tot does not care for the flavor. Wish could exchange for the vanilla.
These sprinkles look old like they have been sitting around too long. The color is faded.
These are much smaller bags than what you get in the store variety packs.
Too small bottle and flavor too sweet
Could not taste the carmel
Use this mix all the time. I now have to use 2 envelopes instead of one to get the same taste!
No matter what I did, even running through a blender, I ended up with matcha bits in my iced latte.
These were dry and not all that satisfying to eat unfortunately.
Good flavor, but ended up with a bunch of broken little pieces!
Decent enough taste. A little bitter.
as a fan of fire noodle not much heat
Bought specifically for color and design and did not receive. It was dented.
Looked cute. Stale fast. Taste quality not very good.
is definitely not what i was expecting, is incredibly sweet and pretty much tasteless
Not tasty at all.  I guess that I was expecting some flavor to them.
One of the cheez it packets were open and wasted inside the box
This product comes in with most of the pieces broken.  Not suitable as a gift.
Too dark and caramely and sweet for us.
Candy tasted old.
It will be helpful to have a sticker with instruction in English
Somewhat satified
Was a little late getting here, but all is good
Need to pay attention to quality control.
It is a bit gritty- not smooth as advertised.
throwback has either a different recipe or was flat. Will not order this again.
It is taste reminded me of Folgers out of the can.
Would not work well in my Keurig
Not what I expected....Tasteless & Dry...was it made in China?
Not bad coconut oil, but little butter flavor as described.
I did not like the taste of these at all.
Not the freshest popcorn I have tasted.
Candy was pretty hard. Can tell they old.
Taste Well; But not like Chocolate.
The taste is good, but not outstanding. The tiny bottle is not worth paying that much.
My first order were tasty. 2nd order they were stale and unpalatable
Meh. Not bad, not great.
A Christmas gift
The texture is like half baked almond flour, I got the Cardamon and it barely had any flavor.
I received the product on January 14 and it expires on June 28, 2023.
They contain Soy and I am allergic to Soy or soy products
Good product, but it has been delivered in very bad conditions and most of the biscuits were broken
awesome idea but when they arrive they come broken so bad! Should have known.
Bought this, tried this, but will not do so in future. Just not my liking. Personal taste.
Did not notice the difference btwn the baked goods with or without this product
It is a little to dark - but still ok
I prefer the old style JF.
Every single can had significant damage on them some were nearly impossible to open
Was not my favorites
Not great.  Not bad.  Not that fresh.
I cannot see a difference in the dough
Good but expensive.
Was damaged and the plastic cover was cracked
Split a can for two small dogs over dry food and there fine with it
Got it for my wife. She did not really like the taste to it. It is kind of expensive for size.
Did not like these. To dry and crumbly.
Some of the lids did not pop when opened
Big hit with the kids
used for mid day snack
It is not awful. The flavor is very faint. I will finish the box, but I would not buy it again.
Not really any flavor
I was using like a tea. The flavor is not like I was expecting
Good taste. Expensive on amazon
Some were unwrapped
The chicken tastes fresh but there was barely any in the bag.
over priced for 14 oz.  My fault for not paying attention to SIZE
These taste a little sweet but the amount you get is not a lot.
Find a bottled product in any local grocery store the cans are flat.
All crackers were in crumbles
Not like Chow Chow that I am use to eating
Looking forward to using it.
Not enough product in each bag
Lovely large leafed but I fail to detect any vanilla.
The package on the outside was open just a tiny bit - so some of the seasoning had come out.
Yum, but always out of stock!
Mostly blue ones. Those taste kind of weird
Ordered white miso, arrived looking brown.  Still tasted correct.
They were like somewhat light apple flavored marshmallows. Not good either.
These circus peanuts were all melted into one big clump.
Not as good as Kirkland Signature cashews.  I was disappointed.
You have to bake
Enjoyed the flavor but felt it was too expensive for the 4 small bags
Small size and melts quickly
Good stuff Little expensive
Once again Amazon hides were the product is made.
was upset that there was not more in there and they were kind of small
The ball would not stick the glove and the glove would not stick to the hand
Do not bother buying this without the pump.  You CANNOT get it out.
Not bad... not god. Lakes flavor and  Prosciutto should be salty but this was a little bland
It looked ok on the cake but a little smaller than what I thought and not real styrdy
they got the job done but made me throw it up every time
Did not like any of the favor of coffee
I suspect its from China! Beware
Last 2 bags had lots of beans crushed maybe handled it ruff during shipping
Increase in price (and delivery charge) prohibits me from re-ordering.
Taste was ok. But too expensive for what you get.
not enough cheese added.
The bottle was not even half full. Not happy at all for the price I paid.
Bought it to make my cappuccino with but the milk does not foam at allbummer
Not a true looking gold, looks very yellow
Opened the box and the candy is open and going everywhere.
Tastes goo but too oily.
it is too much .  I will not order again as I do not know the proper way of storing/keeping it.
Oats were open and all over the shipping box and Dentastix.
It is a very nice product , yet way to expensive for the little bag..
They already came ready to use the same day. Well I did not and I had to throw them away.
But what else do you expect to pay for these cups.
No different than the stuff at my grocery.
Most of the bag's chip were broken into small pieces.
Initial flavor is okay, but the aftertaste (and feel on the tongue) is not very good.
Not all the candy bars were in the box. There were only 17 candy bars in the box not 18.
Hi some of my k cups came damaged and spilled all over inside of the box
Packages were leaking.
love the syrup but the container was badly bent
Flavor is strong and a little goes a long way
less sweetener and more raw cacao please
Nice flavor, price, and size but these seemed stale or just less crispy compared to similar brands
It tastes okay and compared to costco holiday cookie is actually quite expensive.
Not what We are looking for.
Not very much strawberry flavor
Tried it to make caramel frappe and it taste like vanilla or cake batter instead of carmel.
One of the sticks came unattached so I had to Glue it back on
Pictures made it look bigger than actually is. These are samples.
Just look at the pictures.
My husband loved them but I received a bad with a lot broken. Maybe different packaging?
medicore. taste is not for everyone. would suggest lara bars
Way more broken pieces than should be.
Very expensive for the portions but all flavors are good
The markers are very hard to see, I had to re color everything 4 times before it was seen easily
Not much flavor.  Would not buy again.
Tasted like they had been bagged since the last ice age
The box read Richardson.  Same candy.  Do not know what is going on
packages had powder on them but none were open. could have been cleaner
Dates are not very juicy, some very dry, flakey skin. Thought to save money but prefer Madjoul.
This tea does not carry the flavor I am custom too. It does not have that robust flavor.
This is not Hulless!
Packages were smaller than expected, especially for the price paid.
Taste like what it is
I did not care for this product.  It seems to have an after taste that I did not like.
They are pretty small individually
The holes in the whacker side are to big you have to be very careful
The taste was bitter
Candy was not in place. Chocolate tasted like it was several years old.
A lot spicier than I was expecting.
too rough to eat it.
Decent value, not a real quality cup of coffee.
No comment this time
There are other no sugar hot chocolates.  This has absolutely no flavor
Quality food, but the portions are a handful.
I do not recomend this product
The lemon flavor is not enough.
It is too acidic.
Not all the flavors are tasty.
This was a gift for someone else
Only received 3 flavors when it is advertised as 12 flavors.
I did not care for this coffee.  It had a bitter aftertaste.  Will try something else next time.
Will Not buy again....the flavor is not as favorable as the lemon.
Flavor was same but not giftable.
Was not expecting such small cookies.  I guess that is why they had such a large photo.
I am still trying to acquire a taste for these.
If grease laden meat is your thing, then this is the dish for you...
Bought for my mom. Got it on time.
Bought these for Halloween hand outs. Kids were coming back the next night.
Not gilttery like the picture.  Kind of disappointed.
Non toxic but not edible.
Wish we would have known this before ordering.
Not really double the Stuf & its a standard size package. Kind Of disappointing.
1 only got 1 each bottle. Supposed to be 6 ea bottles
Tastes like someone ran Spam through a sausage grinder
Not enough peanuts
Not a fan. The candy coating was waxy and flavorless
Dislike that it said a 3 pack && only got 1 jar
Not salty enough!
My fourth bottle seemed a little off and it seemed darker and not as sweet.
Did not have enough flavor, even for the white tea
It is just not the same as the refrigerated liquid.
Not what I was expecting
Package inappropriate for food, 10% of items were inedible,disappointed
Did not seem to have a ton of flavor and there was not much there for the price
Very little flavor very disappointed in the product could have been much better and better tasting
They were just alright.
I resell this item
Way too expensive for what you are getting. It is okay, but not worth the money
I received sweet pops. Not sweet n sour pops.
It Said It Has Real Avacodo And Guacamole Flavor, But It Tasted Like Plain Regular Chips.
Fine for eating, not suitable for sprouting.  None sprouted.
I thought the container that the candy came in would be more appealing. I was a bit disappointed
The Genmaicha was ok but a little bland
The website sats avocado oil but the package says safflower or sunflower oil.  I feel cheated.
I only give this a three star because of the bags. The bag reseal hardly reseals (cheap).
Bit dry product!
Every single one of these was dented. I doubt that happened in shopping alone.
one leaf only..worrisome specimen
a little on the stale side, other gum has been great..
bitter, not creamy
The flavor was iffy
Not bad but I found it in the store for a lot less. Lesson learned.
Mostly pieces with less than 50% whole.  Would not buy again when I can get the same for much less.
If you have never tried them.. do not.
We have eaten around 10 so far. 2 have been stale and very hard. The others were amazing!
Source , price and flavor
Personal taste - they are gross.  But others may like them.
Gift; no complaints
Came with no lid but sealed
did not care for the bbq chips.
Cherries were small. Some had pits. They were good but not great!
It  did seem to help my Restless Leg at night..
Tastes little bit weird this time,not good as usual.
Fun game, but a bit overpriced. Available at 5below.
If you start using the yogurt, even when kept in fridge the water starts to separate instantly
Nothing special about this coffee just an average tasting,  aroma was mild not worth the money!
Takes a few bags per cup to get real flavor.
These were almost past the due date, and not as fresh as I had expected.
I thought it was glass for the price would have thought it be glass but it is not.
I would like to find the ribbon style version of these candies.
It has a oily and burnt taste to it
So I think my title says it all.
It is missing something, had a lot of orange and not enough cinnamon and nutmeg
It does not taste or smell same as in the DD place 
Premium products cost more.....but sometime you get what you pay for.
Good taste but why so expensive?
Seal was loose and leaked  all through box.
The peach flavor needs to be stronger
It is ok.....Sort of had a bitter taste.
Only thing that keeps me from ordering again is size.
Delivered without gift card
It is good but too expensive!
I cannot use these pods in my Keurig, too bad, because the coffee alone is great.
Arrived as expected
Does not dissolve in water very well unlike some other products
Several cans were leaking upon receipt.
I wanted to try it again but it is not that tasty anymore
Title says it all.
Very sweet and juicy water melon. But it is very small. One person can eat it .
This product description lies.  There is rotini and penne in here. no shells
Mostly bread. Hardly any other flavor or taste besides fried bread
I wish I had noticed the second ingredient is sugar.
not enough grapefruit!!!!! just a handful in the whole bag, what an atrocity
The Product was mashed open and leaking. Several ounces in the bottom of the shipping box.
The expiration date is 10/2021
Its OK. we found it a little dry.
Any chance of getting these without the smoked taste?
I thought this was candy. That is what came up by search
The image is it not clear. I never used them
I really do not like it, is just a brown color on all seeds and too salty..
the candy taste stale to me. but other than that they are fine.
The mushrooms taste good. However, they are too hard; not a nice crunch.
Only 2 or 3 cherry in every bag 
Gave me a migraine. Every time I drank it.
The chips came in all crushed
Candy was poured crooked.  You can eat it, but they feel strange in your mouth.
box was open so only received 9 out of the 12 packages of candy
Not that tasty and overpriced
All of the chips came crumbled!
Not tasty enough and too much color left in mouth
No spoon with what I got!
It is decent, nothing I would go crazy for but not bad.
I wish they were individually wrapped.
Its fine. Not great. Flavour is too subtle for my liking .. but its still a good product
Not a fan of the flavor
Mine came in a big square ball  must have melted at some time
Product gummy bread like, not for me
Have tried a few packets and it just taste the same ad it used to
Not as tasty as I had hoped.
Tried it, but I would not buy it again.
Also, as the general!
Gets too tough too fast and the flavor does not last as long as I would like.
I would have given these 5 stars if my bag would not have came sliced open
Tastes vinegary.
It was sweet and the peach aromatics were missing.
I like the taste but it expires too soon. I bought it in August but it is expiring in October!
I orders the pack of 2 but only received 1 bag.
Not enough for the cost...
Box was opened when delivered...good thing the inner package was still sealed
not as hot as expected
Not what I expected.  And close to expiration date
One would have thought these would match the coconut thins
Some of the PODS did not work and only water came out or some were weak.  BUT overall a good buy
Package arrived today.  Box was torn open but all three bottle were undamaged and present
They were a bit too dry for my taste.  Too expensive for as many prunes.
I love honey nut this was just weird
This has a mild subtle flavor.
This is not everything but the bagel. Do not be fooled.
Smaller corn kernels than expected
The bag had been opened before I received it.
I thought you got 4  in a pack
Numerous pods explode when trying to use them.
Not a creamy as I was hoping for.
After about ten minutes it tastes like garbage..
I like the I am A Nut raw brazil nuts much better for the same price
Nice texture if you like crunchy, but leaves behind a not so go aftertaste.
read my other Keurig cup reviews.  Comments are the same.
Wish this came with a dropper. The quality is so-so and diluted
Thought I was ordering seed for a chia pet,
It is pretty, but way too small
Good flavor but definitely NOT baby size kernels!  This was disappointing to my husband and myself.
ehh..I would not buy anymore
Not as flavorful as expected from this brand.
Instead of receiving Georgia pecans, the pecans I received were from Mexico! What is up with that?
The headline says it all. The beans are brown not dark. Tastes acidic.  Do not like it.
too sweet compared to other Asian candies.
Not bad but a bit bland tasting
I have gotten this 4 pack a few times and sometimes the crackers are a bit stale. Nice flavor though.
Bought 1lb bag before and it was really good. The 2lb bag tasted a little stale.
Pricey for what you get
My girl  can not stop drinking it every single day in the morning
The picture shows 2. Received one.
Madee the kids toys packed with it too spicy
This coriander tea bags did not lower my blood sugars.  I am a type 2 Diabetic.
Gave as gift.  Did not taste
The only thing bad about this is not very much in bag otherwise great.
Not 2.0 version.  Bummers.
Not a fan of the taste but used it during pregnancy, never noticed if it helped
Coffee not bad. Weak if you make 8oz mug
Too pricey for the taste
It arrived in a damaged tin with mustard powder spilling out.
Smaller than I thought. The cookies. Were hard I thought they would be softer cute boxes
Not a fan of the sweetener flavor
Please pay attention to what quantity I ordered
Nothing special.  No great taste.  Just fruitcake.
Just one more mediocre dark roast
Too big of batches
It did not have the cherry flavor I like.  Of course, I still ate them all.  
Two can came damage (ding in the can)
My box did not come with a lot of variety. I felt like the advertisement photo is misleading.
two in the bag were rotten
This time the candy seemed a little stale...it was fine the last time I oredered it
I paid around $20 for 3 of these things. Go to Walmart and they are 2.99 each.
Box was delivered  opened on the bottom and snacks were out
It is edible, but I would not waste my money
Defective pods...coffee was weaker then anticipated...
gave it to my wife
the large avocado is the same as a small at the HEB supermarket. What the heck!!
Nothing I would rave about.
Flavor not what I was expecting
It is says 24 pack , actually is only 12
Love Ceylonese Tea, but Twinnings is a bit weak for me.
Not bad tasting but too expensive for what you get.
And at 2:00 am and a glass of milk, hard to complain. Unless your Mom just made the real thing. ;)
Not spicy. Not enough lime. Extremely moist and does not have that dry jerky/pemican texture.
They seem to brew weak, and not because I am using too much water.
did not melt as expected
Packaging was damaged at arrival. Chocolate all spilled inside the bag, taste was decent enough.
Too expensive; we have found other pricing that is better and larger packages.
These have a slight burnt taste to them that I had not noticed in the smaller container size.
It is like soup, melted chocolate. Should have packed it in ice
It is okay, not great quality.
Great hard to find product but too expensive!
Love the chocolate but it came broken in pieces.
The chicken morsels were good and the flavor was creamy but I would not get it again.
Easy to use and the batter stayed on the fish and chicken. But flavor was strong enough
The gum balls are super small for my machine. Will need to purchase larger ones.
Sauce made of apples.
... But not by a lot.
They are like round flat rainbow lollipops. Very samll
I wish they brought back the diet half n half but this is ok
Several of the favors are tasty.
Last time a week ago I purchased this item for $10+ now it is $14+  someone is price gouging.
The cocolate might not hold up to the heat in the delivery truck.
Product is actually a 10 pack, not 12 pack. Watch for expiration date. Italy does date/month/year.
Not the same as chip shops
The plastic wrapped was opened when i received it, but none of the candy was opened.
Great taste, minus some hard noodles. Following directions, you will get crunchy hard noodles.
Did not like as much as the regular 365 popcorn. It was not as tasty.
Only issue is a metallic aftertaste.
I expected the peppers to be really hot. But it arrived with in less than a week.
Did not notice before I bought ! This is 6 plus ouncces Tiny bottle not worth it
Box was a mess, donuts were too small as well as the rest of the pieces, but quality was good.
I have had REAL Korean kimchi( made by a Korean , it is not worth the prrice!!i
the leaves are average/ok
Taste is okay....seemed too spicy for me.
So K, but everyone here votes for the - Hikari Miso _freeze-dried Miso Soup ...
There needs to be a peanut free option. We wasted a number of items.
The chocolate did not taste like it use to !
Plus it came completely melted and even in the fridge never really got back to form.
We love the peri-peri sauces but unfortunately one of the bottles broke by the time it got to us...
Product was partly melted and looked like they were old or past pull date.
This product seems to be overrated and overpriced.
Its a nice size but once it cooks down its a small portion.
"Something different for Passover, but not a distinct ""carrot cake"" flavor. Overpriced."
Not for me. Did not like the taste!
tough to get really clean after use - the sprouts tend to grown through the bag
It was definitely more expensive than from Trader Joes price.
Flimsy plastic containers used for cut fruit
Much smaller bottle than expected.
It took way too long to get to me and was soft.  Will not be ordering again.
Freedom is just another word.
It has just an average taste.  I definitely would not buy it again.
Overpriced but I chose to buy them anyway. Bought back childhood memories.
Was not what I was expecting.
It is alright, but it is like spaghetti, not the wavy, chewy ramen I have grown accustomed too.
Expensive for the amount and good for a treat but due to the price not something I could get often.
none at this time.
Not bad, could have been fresher. They were hard
it is what it is
I like it but I would not buy again because it is too spicy
Love this water but too expensive
Have ordered before, this last time,barely any nuts,just walnuts,no variety.
The bag I got was amazing, but this container was damaged and the coconut strips were stale
i liked the pretzels . i would give a 5 star rating but 90%of pretzels were broken!
it does not come with all the flavours
I personally would like to have the product pre grinded...
Melted candy taffy came threw wrapper
Woody/tough. Not meat like. Twig like. I might just process to powder
different manufacturer? Different flavor than I remember, in any case.
I was expecting the old Mars bar with almond in it I was disappointed but the rest was ok
Had crystallized
Actually I do not like this candy. It is not too sweet and the fruit tastes is not strong.
Packaging not very good.  Many were crushed and broken.  Very dry constancy.  Easy snack.
Fried rice is not supposed to be creamy.
Mine did not come with 30 like it said on the package, it only came with 26.
They worked for cocoa bombs.
This product has some good bags and some seems to be stale like they been sitting to long
Pods always under pressure.  Outcome is grounds in my coffee.
The taste was different
Do not care for the flavor of this coffee.
I just did not like the taste of this candy.  I gave it to someone who did like it.
Received like several other people...an opened box taped closed and not factory sealed???
The description says it all:  Plain.  The product was only OK, but nothing I will order again.
Product was melted. I received it on 70F degree day.
ended up being Christmas candy
I did not receive 10 flavors, some of them does not taste at all
These sprinkles were cute. My only complaint was the cost for the size. Way overpriced.
I thought it was bigger but it will work
They were melted
Little taste. I will not buy this again. Not bad just not good.
but it seems to be way overpriced!
One of the pack came damage and you cannot do anything about it
Minty seltzer water. There is barely if any watermelon flavor.
Spent a lot for 63 in a box. They are yummy, but unhappy there were not as many as stated
They grow stale quickly.
Sparse chocolate chips. Needed to add chips, brown sugar and milk
Not the worst, not the best
chalky taste and would not buy again. husband like it. so it was used up
Came basically destroyed and in pieces.
Low quality , arrived broken. The mix was good though
Needs more chicken flavor. Other than that, they were fine if you like a little spice.
Half the box was filled with broken cookies.  Will buy at the store next time.
Not much flavor  overpriced  even with Prime
The texture is gritty. Not smooth. Chalky
Popcorn is cooked in oil. I needed this for a melodrama and really needed Air Popped popcorn.
I WAS SURPISED AT THE AMOUNT OF CANDY THERE WAS.  ALOT FOR 10.00
Not the flavor I was looking for
Coffee good but inconvenient to use with the keurig brewer.
Need no stream advisory on bag
not a lot of M&M's for the price
Purchased for our winery. Good flavor,  rather expensive.
Ham was good..but the bacon is waaaay salty
The sweet tart at the center is very bitter.  I recommend the SweetGourmet jawbreakers over these.
Did not like the taste.. definitely not twizzlers type flavor
all kinds of Indonesian food
No mention of being treated with SULFUR DIOXIDE.
It was like mush in my month.  No bad, just different.  Did smell like sour dough bread.
Big ass ripoff! For 10 bucks you would think it is a 2 pack!
Slightly sweeter than I prefer but still very tasty.
This is the same as zipfizz  and zipfizz is cheaper.
Had to add honey and lemon.
Gum sticks to your teeth and flavor does not last very long.
Sometimes he loves it sometimes he do not
Product arrived with one can busted open and leaked all over the place
Did not taste like the Claxton fruitcake I remember.  Too dry!
kernel seasons popcorn seasoning was to salty for me I through it out.
I love this salsa but 3 of the jars were broken upon arrival
The product was old. Expiration date was a week and product was not fresh
These are NOT salted
10 out of 12 were undamaged
Cost was too high for such a small bottle and it did not perform as promised
They tasted dry. I did not like the texture.
Old stock. Arrived 2 days before sell by date.
Not low sodium, but it tastes like it
The wrap is not great. Slices of turket would be better than lumps. Not recommended.
"I like that it provides vitamin ""C"". But they added sugar to them."
Probably have to use 2 teabags to have enough flavor
I would order again if the bags were all intact.
Said was package of 2. Only 1 receivef
This mix was alright, not too different than other keto mixes.
Did not really care for this coffee. It is just a matter of taste is all. Some folks may like it.
Tasty, but it is not pretzels, it is rice crisps.
The chocolate was everywhere in box but in its place.
did not notice any difference
Received mine today and two were moldy
For the size of the jar and price you pay its not bad. Its just a tad watery and rather bland.
I ordered this for a gift.  This is what it looked like when she opened it.
Thinner than tea out of the bags.
remains soft mushy when cooked
Like being able to purchase American grown and made products, but this is a rather weak tea.
A bit too salty. And the price is a bit steep to do regularly
I do not like the taste of this. otherwise all went well with delivery.
Did not have a lot of pineapple flavor.
Food bank donation.
There were also raspberries
Decent gum with a flavor I simply do not happen to care for.
These were not my favorite...but I am willing to try other items by this seller.
Bitter and pretty weak for a Columbian roast.
I sifted my bag to get cleaner product
Too salty. When you reheat everything is mushy.
The flavor is just cherry cough drop.
Sweetness is not overwelming. Use is limited so its not your table soy.
I wish there was a way to make them less sweet....
They are not soft, not bad, but not soft peppermints.
I like them, will buy again. Does not have a  sugary taste
Not for me but my wife loves it
Little bland. Thought they would be more flavorful.
This will not work in my machine The kona did
I like the natural ingredients but it is too bland and you cannot even taste the chocolate.
I did not like the size of the bags for the price
Melted and all stuck together
Ended up too much like plain honey. Expected more of a kick.
Now I got the farts
last one i bought was great. maybe i just got a bad one.
love these cookiers but half are broken
I did not realize honey is made different ways.
I will never use two bottles by 3/31/23, just 3 months from now.  The offering did not specify this.
I do not know what happened but this thing gave me  diarrhea have not used it since
Little flavor, low on carbonation
I like them but lose patience trying to open them!  Will not buy these again.
I did not really like this. It tastes like tea and not all the white coffee I have had before .
I dislike having to open the wrapper is hard to open.
Moldy on three slices
Just look the pictures!
very rich flavor, but they seemed stale.
Has Hydrogenated Oils.... just sayin.
If you are doing keto, skip this product. Has a lot of added sugar!
Not what Mama use to makes but not bad. Not a very good value.
Taste a bit weird, not really liking it that much, but each to their own.
Maybe its just me but i was disappointed it had 0 flavor. Thought with the reviews it would good
Its Carmel/Butterscotch, would like to see a 100% butterscotch...
Product was broke when I received it.
A little too sweet for my liking. The olive brine-iness is notable in dirty martinis.
Received half full
Ok but too expensive.
This was a gift, so I cannot comment.
the chowder is overpriced and not very tasty.
They tasted old to me.
it is not 12 oz of food, it is 12 oz counting the packaging so it is only 8 oz of tofu.
I am excited about the pickles but sad one had sprang a leak and soaked the boxes.
One of the two was not fresh. Disappointing as I love Claxton fruit cake
For size I can get a bigger one at Sams for cheaper. Will not be ordering this again.
Meh, that is about it.
i cannot stop the carafe k-cup not to leak
Very tasty but it is hardly enough for one person much less two!
Delicious but was shocked at how small the packaging was.
outer box was mangled.
No idea. They were gifts.
Not enough for the money
The taste was off
Tastes fine, but too expensive for the ingredients and the amount.
Received  the order,unfortunately it leaked about a quarter of the oil.
Product arrived damaged.
It was old so not doing their bakery often.
It is canned tamales what can one expect
Product helps digestion, but does not really help loose fat in stomach area.
Just too flat tasting...needs some bacon to jazz up the flavor.
It tasted different from the ones I bought from Tootsie Roll!
Id eat these if there was nothing left on this planet to eat. Pretty bland.
too expensive and does not taste as good.
Some of the bags were smashed.
Hurt my stomach after I drank it
This brie does not have enough creamy brie flavor. It is too bland.
Second was old -- all the green stems were shriveled and dried out.
There is no way to choose between 2-8s or 1-16
It took almost 10 days to got Alived
Not quite as flavorful as I would like, but an ok snack.  A little expensive for what you fet.
I think I got the wrong one but it was ok
I just bought it to try it.  I did not like the taste.
Must not have left a lasting impression because I do not remember buying it.
Pricey and did not last any longer then a monster or rockstar.
WAS TOO DRY, DID NOT CARE FOR IT.
Pricey for a small amount of chocolates but cute enough.
Bitter and had to grind more..large grind..
WOULD NOT HAVE ORDERED IF I HAD KNOWN IT  CONTAINED GMO. I ALREADY WENT BACK TO BOOST..
Not as I expected it to taste, it is okay, just not super yummy
Tasty, but they were not very pretty. Melted/sticking together.
I gave this product three stars only because I did not use it long enough to see a difference
One of the answers said expiration date was in 2020. Ordered 3 which I will never use by 5/1/19
The package was damaged and the jars were unsealed!
Not tasty at all . Too soft. Not crunchy .
Not a fan of these flavors
Only received 11 bottles, the case was damaged.
was not what I expected, as far as taste!
Wish I would a known. I am dumping the powder into the filter cup that came with my Keurig.
I wanted to just eat these. But cannot. Hulls.
Slight rancid oil taste and no where near expiration
Was so so,  I cannot complain, but nothing close to Starbucks KEnya that you cannot find now
I prefer no sugar coating
not as flavorful as the packages i purchased at BedBath&Beyond
Not crayfish. It is shrimp.
Tasty German White Vinegar
Iced Tea and Bai but not ALL the Supertea flavors.
For the size of bottle the price should be lower.. 
It is very tasty but do not think that it is just untreated dried sugarcane juice.
"The ""mushroom"" kernels were old and stale and left too many husks in the bowl and in my mouth!"
little too sweet for me, my girl loves them
Received only 3 flavors.  Cinnamon not in the package.
I thought I was getting active dry yeast since it is called Pizzaiolo, but that is not what this is.
coffee is old expire soon and it does not smell like good coffee. taste is not too bad.
Seemed too runny taste was right on just thin
Sticks on teeth. I do not like.
I am a big fan of jellied and have had trouble finding. This shows jellied but it is not
They taste great but they are very expensive I only get a few lollipops
The taste is also mild, so it goes well with everything. It is not bad, but it is too thin to eat.
I think the bigger the snickers, the less appetizing it is.
One of the orders I receive had expired coffee which smelled and tasted like old, burned coffee.
Did not  care for it, but probably could get used to it.
Smells amazing but the flavor is very weak.
For my lifeguard child, to prevent dehydration.
Taste not what I expected.
Not sure if your willing to replace this purchase. This was going to be a gift.
A bottle is about 6 servings and not the 16 advertised on the label.
Looked my for Anniversary the birthday.  I returned it
I ordered these on August 23rd. They expired September 20th
Its good but not worth $10 a bag. Very expensive.
OK - but not strong enough for me.
For the price I will just use an extra scoop of my maxwell house.
have stoke. cannot reviews.
Bags were smaller than I thought.
Plastic pods and I did not care for the flavors.
Just OK...will not buy again. Tastes like any store bought brand.
This same product is $2.98 at other stores.  Surprised to get only 1 bottle for $12.00.
Mixed bag. Some(mango & kiwi) had to much sugar on them
This product is grainy, like sand is in it. Not creamy at all. Bleh.
The roots were not covered in the dirt
a lot smaller than expected
Not enough apricot flavor.
I did not realize that these are not corn husks
too much money for small product
Tasty, nutritious cereal!
Every single can ended up messed up
Some do not cook up as well as others.
It has a medicine after taste, like cough syrup
I cannot tolerate the citric acid.
I think I remember this to be more wet than other brands and I did not like that.
6 grams? Look at the white color . It is not even half the container. Hopefully they work
Got a couple holes from manufacturing ruined a couple sticks.
Clumpy and flavor is bleh. I used a hand frothier stirrer and it did not mix in.
Way too salty for me & mg husband.  Have to rinse and air dry in oven to eat.
A little on the dry side and a lot of husks floating off, but fresh tasting.
I bought a case for my wife to try and she has not opened a bottle yet. Pearls before swine?
Good coffee but a bit expensive for my taste.
This was overall a good buy but I found a couple of bags to have stale chips I had to throw out.
Some were tasty, some seemed to have gone off.
Not enough chocolate
I thought it lacked taste.
these looked like they had been karate chopped by a forklift.
Too dry and crumby
mints were a little hard. . But all around cute idea
Hit and miss. Received a few times  moldy. Overall yummy.
Gum ball machines
I have only had one, the BlackBerry, but where is the flavor? It is like drinking Alka Seltzer.
I think the drinks were old because they hardly had a taste.
Quality control was off some cans were  only half full
Almost the real thing. Not a distinct cane flavor - tastes like it is blended with regular molasses.
seems to have a lot of moisture versus the larger bags
On one of the pictures it says the calories are 170 however, it is actually 260.
Price is too high. Same bag can be had for $1.00 at the Dollar Store.
could not detect the presence of Kona.  would not recommend as kona blend.
Tasty but, like the commercial, where is the clams (meat). Tons of clam juice, few clams.
not tasty at all
The bags were very flimsy. Lost quite a few to tearing once wet. Buy a different brand.
I keep trying this pasta but aside from the rice based Capellini it just does not work for me.
Did Not really work ror recipe. But product was as described.
these were just Meh to me
I thought they were larger
Good, but a bit expensive.
I like nice coffee and this is rough stuff. No better than folgers
they dry out after you open the box.
Convenient but not chunk tuna.Kind of mushy
The product was good, but, the box was broken and the bottles were all over the outside box.
The shortbread was fresh and buttery, but every one of the rounds was broken.
No flavor. Broth is better. Little to no veggies. Expensive
It did not work for me
Low number because a couple of boxes were out of date.
would rather have diet pepsi
too big the chunks
Their nori is darken than Choice Brand but I like the task of Choice
40% damaged and totten
It still leaves a bitter taste if you use it to make something really red.
Cannot believe this. Completely rotten. Gross.
Good product  olives are very small  flavorful just very small in size
It is not as fantastic as I thought it would be. I only bought due to the reviews.
It was not testy at all.
could be tastier
Shipped quickly, but was hard to chew unlike the last time I had them.
Have to use a lot to get flavor
the ease of using the product.  and both the aroma and taste were spendid
For the price I expected a larger size
I get what I paid for.
It leaked all over the box
Good price and flavor. Bad that the cans come dented
could be a little sweeter a little more watermelon taste.
A lot of the packages of caramel were open already
The bottle was leaking inside the packaging.
Still sorta difficult to open but better
No whole slices pf pears.
Smelled like brown sugar cinnamon. Did not very much taste like it. Kind Of bland and disappointing.
Not as tasty as I remember it. Will not buy it again
For some reason half the sodas were flat
Crushed and took to long.
Love these but received wrong flavor.
I like it but not too spicy
I received two jars and of the kids was loose.
"Several were ""soggy"", will not order these again"
Not near as tasty as fresh ones.  Was ok just not great.
Old, smashed, stale. No salt on them. Not giftable or able to put out for guests.
Only wanted 1 but had to buy 6.
Some pits included.
Normally these chips are my favorite. These seem to be a bad batch. They taste overcooked.
Way over priced, but i wanted it
I gave the one away, so I do not know how tasty the item was.
I will not order them again.
Value was WAY WAY OVER PRICED!!
Was not thrilled with the flavors of the coffee it was just ok .
there was no heat, literally tasted like a bell pepper.
Not worth the money for a small candy bar. Tasted ok
It is ok.  Kind of weak and that is not my preference. Would not order again because it is too weak.
It is good for you I am sure but the taste is terrible
Its ok. Taste a little bland.
It is okay, quite dirty compared to the 3$ stuff available at your local hecienda though
Melted all sticking to wrapper
The cookies were dry and not a lot of flavor.
Was pretty dry when recieved. Hope it pulls through.
The coffee is great! The packaging is the absolute worst!
see the headline here
Have tried several parm chips and these have a burnt cheese taste.
The bread did not rise in my bread machine.  I had to throw it out after a couple of slices.
I like the convince of the portion package, the popcorn was not crunchy .
typically, I like Annie's products but some of the flavors were very sticky.
I have not opened them yet but out of the 12 cans 5 were dented in on the bottom.
some of the flavors were ok and some were poor. Overall, I would not order this again
Not enough contents for the price.
I did not really care for it..
It was okay to consume this grain but not a great quality.
These bbq rubs are VERY salty. Only one rub does not taste like salt.
The bag is open.
It does not taste as I was excepted. I will not buy it again
Love skittles and the big bag! Only downside is half the bag is lemon/ lime skittles.
Every pack has broken pieces in it. I like it when my Belvita is one whole piece.
TAKES TO MUCH TO DO WHAT EQUAL WOULD
Not low carb. Read the label!
Not the same as Belizean Dutch Cheese. This is soft Edam cheese
Have to use 2 pouches to get the desired strength.  Maybe that is just my caffeine needs
This cheese tasted like plastic!
Most of the pretzels were broken into very small pieces
The mints are great but the cases do not snap closed. I hate having mints all over....
Yummy but salty for my taste
I do not get any chocolate flavor from it.
a lot of water in package
The taste is an acquired one!
Bland. Actually made me gag and vomit.
These Jumbo marshmallows were a lil too big for campfire smores..still yummy, but way messier
Mostly shriveled up over baked tiny almonds. Will not buy again. was a christmas gift stale nuts.
They tend to leave a funky plastic after taste.
Kernel do not totally pop
It was oily and dry. I had to chug water after every other bite. Will not buy again.
Recommended by doctor. Helped digestion problems
I only got a 3 pound bag the picture shows 2 bags
The flavor does not really taste like strawberry or peach.
1/4 of the bag was smashed into tiny pieces.
One of my cotton candy containers was open and I had to throw it away.
Bag came smooshed. Hope the candy is not, too.
Taste like donkey butt but they do make you energized
This makes ok pancakes, but they do have an artificial taste
it was a lot smaller than I thought.
Package(s) come smaller than they look in the advertisement.
Tasted nothing like we thought it would
Its ok but to expensive
Same as store brands...more$$ plus has no pull tab
Had to use myself- not gift-able as had hoped
Barely has the pickle taste. But other wise not to bad.
Like, but I needed a larger size.
I was expecting it to be coarser.
Probably would not order these again.  Too prepackaged for us.
One of the bottles was open
It does not have any fruit flavor
To watery. Taste as if you put water in strawberry syrup and sent it out.
No English labeling on package.
No taste, no favor, will not buy again
Some of the m&m 's were melted
Just as I remembered; it'sdelicious!
for the price is a resnable caffee
Could not return when I found out it had a dangerous (for me) sweetener. Flavors are very mild.
On the stale side, better if it would have been fresh.
It was not what I expected , it did not help with high blood pressure but it did relax me a bit
Not the same amount 2 boxes instead of 8
Lousy taste. Sprite Zero is much better
Came with low shelf life, less than 5 months
Still experimenting with amounts
Sure wish the flavor had been higher and the heat way less. Crazy hot for me.
Instructions are not real clear and added too much water on the first one.  Be careful.
The ad says 50 packets. 30 in a box.  Mis represeted.
it did not come in this package and it did not look like 24 ounces of beans.
They taste good but the fruit has an unpleasant, chewy yet soggy texture. I will not repurchase.
Taste needs improvement but you get what you pay for and I am on a fixed income
all little above the rest in expresso taste but not by much
Too thin one from king Arthur's better.
You need to know that when purchased at an actual TJ's it is $2.99...
I thought they would be larger
These were gifts and have not heard any feedback so far
Tasted like candle wax.  Too small to hold much of anything.
They smell of plastic
Second time now that this delivery only has 22 cans included. Should be 24 as per description.
I ordered 24 pack.. but only come 12 pack...
These jaw breakers are chewable in the center.which makes me wonder how I Old they are,
Good product but with shipping too expensive.
There was only one tiny packet maybe five olives in side cost over five dollars rip off
Is good .but expensive for small amount.
Plant was fine, but I wasted the extra money on the planter.
I think I did not do something I should have. It was a brick,not a bread
melted before I got them
Smaller than expected and packed so tightly that it does not show well.
Buy each separately to avoid overpaying for this item. I could not use this.
Crunchy and kind of stale.
The cake did not stick to the pan.  The cost is pricey!!!
I much prefer whole or halved cashews. too many small, broken pieces make more of a mess
Limited sweater capacity, you need to use a lot relative to Stevea
The bowls were all smudged .
I usually love these. The edges were hard on one side, unable to chew or eat.
Not enough product for the money.
Some candy was clumped together and hard to break apart.  Did not have as much variety as expected.
The activity i fun to do but in actually the taste of it is not great.
They are crunchy, but I am not a fan of the taste.
the cartoon was only half full
Smooth full body.  Although I found cheaper more than half price!  Very disappointed!
It did not really work
I found this to be flat and bitter.
Wow. Taste great but seriously the amount you get for the price per bag is so ridiculous.
These dried porcini mushrooms where a bit on the old side...flavor was a bit funky.
It was thinner than I expected but looks exactly like the image.
Pic showed the bottle but received the 1 ounce shot.  Was not expecting that.
All the cans are dented
They were not what I expected. I thought I was ordering butter toffee peanuts.
Did not like the decoration beads on the marshmallow, did not get until well after holiday
Herbally tasting have to add Lots to get flavor out of it
coffee was tart but lacked sweetness
These always have a gritty, sandlike quality to them.
Not the flavor I am looking for and the size is a little too large.
Great natural daily snacks but very expensive.
The size was nice but the dates were hard and dry.
No blue spuds in my batch.
Not as good as my usual coffee candy.  Weak flavor.
The price is good, flavor weak and was a little too soft for my liking.
PRODUCT IS REALLY GOOD-IF THE SHIPPING DID NOT TAKE SO LONG.
They taste fine but what you get for the money is not great.
Very thin, flimsy and they look cheap.
Amazon Fresh brand tastes/cooks the same and is less expensive.
Flavor not good enough.  Will try a different brand next time.
Ordered a 2 pack, got one bottle. Seems like a chronic problem.
Did not care for the flavor and after taste
It was super rock hard.
Meh , not a great flavor and very pricey
They are freeze dried so not bad but not great.  They helped me get pomegranate in the off season.
Its nothing like the restaurants
If you are in a pinch buy these but they will not last long.
It does not taste like cinnamon bun.  Going to use it as sweeter for coffee.
I will not order again.
Did not get a brand new box of 96 coffee, received my money back for one box.
its really limited to corn licker
Overpriced period!!!
The can was not clean on the outside
When blended I do not like the thicker texture as drinking
Not much flavor to the homestyle, compared to the regular
High hopes but not enough flavor for my palate. Might try it on popcorn.
I will not be ordering this KETO smack again. Not tasty
Dry and strange...just not as tasty.
Cannot get suction cup to work.
I was hoping for a moist oatmeal raisin flavor. I received a dry not oatmeal raisin flavor.
They were all ready but they were not really hot and spicy
I like that it is convenient to eat in between clients. But it is very dry.
I prefer Marie calendar ... For some weird reason the muffins mold easily...
I got two extra spicy and a garlic, not the 3 flavors pictured.
Pastry Old and no expiry date.
1/2 of one box of creamers were busted. Had to throw them out
Love the soda but expensive to ship
Apple cinnamon flavor is not strong and barely noticeable.
I really like the ingredients and quality, I am just not wild about the taste.
different for a change
The product I wanted as a grossly inflated price point.
Just not the taste I remember.
Texture was not as expected.
The caramel was over powering.
Some were crushed
not enough flavor
The fruitcake was sweeter than I like.
It has an aftertaste
Gums up and sticks to the pan.
Is there a vintage
THEY WERE ALL MELTED AND IN ONE SOLID PIECE. ONE HAS TO BREAK OFF A SECTION AND WEIGH WHEN USING.
Takes a little getting used to but ok.  I bit different than expected.
Too sweet but easy to fix by cutting with whole milk.
Box arrived squished.
Takes two bags to get enough flavour
I could care less about the presentation or the cost. But half of these so far taste (flavor) old.
It is basic milk, and goes sour
I need this before sept 3... so please.
Contains:  Wheat, Milk, Soy May Contain:  Egg
Some cane cracked
Advertised 32 received 27.
A lot of empty boxes
Expected a medium heat(5/10) sauce. I AM GOING TO much hotter than that. Did not finish bottle.
They were okay. To me, the nuts seemed stale or wilted.
Not enough milk/cream
Assembly is not super easy and some of the unicorns were missing legs.
I am not a fan of cassava flour.
The little snaps are hard to open, so have a pair of scissors handy.
Bought as a gift- arrived as expected.
Love the product--one bottle leaked badly during shipping.
Some cans arrived here empty
I made some very tasty couscous, but one of the bags was busted open
very small size for the price increase. tastes okay but I would not go out of my way for it.
Would prefer less sweet
Product to grainy and does not dissolve  well.
Not as tart as I remember as a kid.
wish the cherry flavor was stronger
There was not a lot of candy in here for the price.
Do not really taste any avocado.
They make decent pancakes but they are not good to use for making biscuits.
One of my jars came unsealed.
It is very thick and I really like it but it lacks of flavor. Kind of disappointed
This product had been opened before it was sent to me!
Not really sour and overall, really mundane.
They were somewhat stale. Tasted ok. Will not be purchasing again.
Tested PH level, was too low  7.3
These dates need to be pitted
Busted bottles, orange juice all over.
I did not enjoy these but some of my students loved them so it is half and half.
They are not great but not terrible for a Keto bar. Still get that chalky taste but tolerable.
Not much aroma or flavor.
No Bulbasor included !)-:
Too Expensive but taste is good.
Was not as spicy as I would have like,  an a bit pricy.
"I appreciate the ""pur"" -ness of it but the flavor leaves almost instantly."
Product delivered was as advertised.
The sausage was much smaller than I thought.
Chocolate was melted
Not as good as expected had a bitter taste to it probably due to the coffee.
i expected to make coffee with milk products but i cannot
Cranberry orange are very good-not so much the other flavorspretty bland.
Chips and vinalla wafers crushed up
Did not like all the flavors.
Caramel Lattes at home!!! Loved the idea...just did not like the artificial sweetener aftertaste.
Almost 2.00 per sucker.  One of my favorite flavors, but I will not be purchasing this again.
Detail was lacking
Deceiving quantity
Although good chicken it was not particularly flavorful and was a bit dry.
These are good but too expensive for the small quantity you get!
Not very much ginger flavor... I will Not purchase this again .
The mix is not a Crispy Mix at all. It is actually a HOT, SPICY, SEASONING MIX. Be careful!
This was for a gift. The box looks like it had been stored for a while.
Use fast because it does not keep for long
Did it get there yet?
For the $ I thought it would be more/bigger
They look good but disappointed in amount I got for price.
Not the same flavor as powdered.
Not as spicy as I would like.
Love the tea but the package came broken.
I ordered 72 bags of Kars Trail Mix. 2 bags were opened and uneatable.
Very colorful but not flavorful. The chocolate tasted weird.
Expired or close to being expired product
product without defects
Disappointed. Not as sweet and strong tasting as the mesh tea bags (same flavor) but in the tin.
Texture mushy, flavor undistinguished
Taste is good, but a little dry and cut too thick.
Tea is a little chalky but if you let sit for a few minutes it gets better.
Good but not great. I could be wrong, but the flavor is not intense as I expected.
It was not as fresh as I expected.
It looked nice... but most of it was awful tasting.. would not buy again
Too much money, not enough benefit.
They were good, but they were all stuck together, so I was disappointed.
One of my products was open and half empty,  when I received it, salt in the bottom of the box.
Bought this not realizing it is De-Caff
Not enough flavor
I know very well bottarga and this one was mediocre for the high price
The kid in me wanted 24 doors with a teabag inside. This is a fancy box with 24 tea bags inside.
use it for a cheese fix on popcorn or vegetables when i do not want to squander calories.
The eggs tasted a little old, not as fresh tasting as ones purchased from the grocery store.
These were expensive and not my favorite.
the jar came with a cracked bottom
The coffee tasted burnt. If that is how you like it, this is for you. I do not prefer that.
I am still not sure on these as the favor thru the paper sometime taste ok and other times not.
For the price not enough candy
Flavor was off...afew discolored...box cheap...not wrapped well.
Reminds me of Folgers instant coffee that my parents used to drink.
I expeceted something soft and crumblyTasty
Not much flavor. Firm and more waxy then chewy, I was expecting the consistency of a twisler
"I asked not to use the ""&""."
These were delivered melted. Could not even use them for the event we had planned.
One of the bags of chips were opened and they were all over the package
Purcased for somewone else
Damn you TikTok and the weird things you expose my kids too. It was fun to try...not to taste.
I have used non dairy so long that either this was expiring or my taste for dairy has gone.
What I received was not the item pictured but rather six separate 5lb bags of sodium carbonate
The container was damaged some
A little bitter but pretty robust
It tastes like honey and not much spice at all. So, if you like over priced honey, this is for you.
I do not like the flavor. Not what I am used to.
The pack was smaller than  expected.
Was a gift for Christmas but when i took it out of the box the wood fell apart
I like the price and the time for send
Way cheaper at Meijer
These seeds just are not flavorful.
Fat and shrinkage after cooking the bacon in the air fryer
I bought this product, and the very next week, they expired.
I did not expect a supply from 5 years ago, jeez.
Not what I was expecting. Probably will not purchase again.
So much sugar taste. Non gmo and organic but feels unhealthy compared to original rice krispy treat
They tasted like vinegar and had a gritty covering on them
The bread tasted like it was old and dry and I would have thought it was molded
Not the same as I remember. This is bitter. Will not repurchase.
Nice flavor but weak with little aroma.
picture was misleading, looked like a much larger box than sent
tastes the same as hymalian salt just black
Where are the clams?
Expires soon and box was crushed
Would not order these again.
It was not as hot as I expected. And not much taste.
They are charging way too much for 12 small cans that are average tasting.
not salty enough for me
I love my tea and many flavors but I cannot drink these, way to bitter and weird tasting..
Icing was very grainy and flavor was not as expected
Every couple tasted funky.
Not much to say if it works.
I thought I was getting 5 boxes not one box for 15 dollars.
Were not as soft as multi pack not sure why.
Little tiny amount.
did what it was supposed to.
Would not buy again
The material used to make it was quite flimsy!
Not enough chocolates for the price
The bacon on the end was the window bacon.  This level of bait and switch takes intent.
It was supposed to be a 6 pack, but I only received 5
Kids like it. I am from the south, so its not my style.
Did not see this as Au Jus just regular gravy
Not what I expected.
Do not like the taste of these tortillas.
Like the bottom of the bag, but in a Pringles can.
Ice and items were melted
This works how it is supposed to but the flavor was not as desirable as you might think.
What I like was the flavor what I did not like is it came out pink instead of red.
Message is in this ans i am allergic but does not show on ingredients that i read
Little sized bars not usual size
It just regular instant oatmeal w fruit. I ate it but not fond of it.
It was all melted, so I had to stick them in the freezer. Womp womp.
Not a remarkable taste, was hopping for more flavor coffee.
I like this stuff, i find it strangly salty though.
Love the flavor but 4 cookies is too little. Should be at least 5
Not a real big fan of some of the flavors
Taste is ok/drinkable but it is on the bitter side.
Too early to tell if they will grow well.
Just as described
does the job for me
Most of the gumballs were chipped. All the gumballs were very hard to chew.
Pricey. Not as flavorful as previous time. Probably will only buy once in awhile.
the flavor is different from what i expected. Not bad, just not for me
Does not seem as dark as first bag ordered so I mix in some Starbucks French roast
Only taken it a couple of times and really do not know if I can feel anything.
Not enough caramel or pecan to rate the name
Box arrived soaked with water and gel
Was not sweet enough for me.
Tablets take forever to dissolve on tongue
Kids were not fan of the flavors.
The expiration date is 6 of 2022. I have been buying locally with an expiration date of 2023.
Coffee just did not have the sugar cookie taste
If you are looking for Valentine decorations not on these cookies!!
I thought the flavor would be different. Not exactly what I was looking for .
To a big a ball of mess
Great taste just a little too expensive for only 3 cups
A lot of very dented cans. Not happy with that.
Exactly what I expected.
greasy and nothing but crumbles.
All the cookies were smashed!
Everything I wanted!!
I like it, but wish it is made less sweet.
Still does not stick to popcorn
Eh was ok. Weird combo; spice and honey.
Bought 60 count. Only received 54.
These vanilla beans were way smaller than I thought they would be.
Feel like quality has gone down ! Not too much cheese anymore !!!
I sent it as a gift, and it was well received.
I love this spice, but it came with the seal broken..
Did not love the flavor, but it is a nice change from black tea.
I bought this for some emergency relief .... you know what this do but it did not work.....
Mistake on my part. I thought it was ff and 0 points on purple ww, turns out it was 7
Alot of powder and salt in the weight. I will not order them again.
The cans all looked like someone played baseball with them.
I made a casserole with the noodles.  They were tasty but the texture was kind of weird.
not spicy at all.
Average coffee but like other brands better.
Salty and greasy.
It has a bitter taste........
it is too gummy a batter and taste like paste
Cannot taste guava only strawberry
Much smaller package than expected considering I pay less at wallyworld for the larger bag.
Should have a sample size, you have to order four and if you do not like, you are out 20.00
Found 2 living weevils in my bag.
did not realize it has message
I was not impressed with the flavor and it was way too sweet.
Too costly. Would not buy again.
The chocolate was good, but I wish it was fresher. It tasted stale to me
Flavor and creamy centers give an enjoyment.
I lost some of the flavor after I cooked it.  I would not buy fish on the internet.
Small bag for large price.
Gross...really really gross
I dislike the flavor and thickness; I like the convenience.
Funny. For some reason, the bag is not filled. 5-6 pieces are missing.
Not as high quality as other oraganic teas I have used but works
The information said it was supposed to be buttery tasting, it is not.
Got candy but not said bear
tasty but not work the expense
not much coconut flavor...almost gritty  texture.
purchase for use on canker sores.
Half the bags were stale even though the expiration date was good.
Great product but the jar I received was old :(
Ordered 2 of these and one came broken, the other came nicely rapped.
Never buy again  will go to Meijer where it is far less
Just could not adjust to the flavor. Powdery taste.
The macaroons are too sweet for me, very thick cookies
Not what I expected
A little cheap looking . . . fine for a basic decoration, but was disappointed a bit.
Item came with mold
"A lot of the items inside are small ""fun size"". Not really a good value for the money."
Not the flavor I was expecting --
Loses flavor quickly and tastes very waxy. I did not like it.
They are noodles
It tastes ok. I think it is a little too sweet for me. And the price is very expensive
I ended up transferring to gallon jugs!  Will not buy this size again!
not really much of a fan of coconut flavoring
Residue at the bottom of the individual packs
It did not really enhance the food all that much.
a lot of the cookies were broke despite the packaging
Tastes pretty good. No gross aftertaste. Unfortunately, my body does not love the Erythritol in it.
Going to expire in 2 months
Cheap coffee. Not good flavor and very acidic.
The flavor is not anything to write home about.
Some of the cookies were smashed or broken, but other than that, they are good
Never buying shortbread with rice again , taste like sand
will not buy again to soft for me other people may like
Tastes fine. Shape not suitable for butter holder.
Did not like the taste or choco
Needs more flavor, I cannot tell what flavor I am drinking, by Hint they really mean it.
These are not much different from other Apple wood pellets.
The white sprinkles in the package have taken on a pink color.
I did not appreciate receiving a product from you with an expiration of December 2019?????
Not as plump, seemed tried out
Is this suppose to like this? I feel like I got ripped off.
I thought was bigger  the size like they made in Mexico.
I added apples and extra cinnamon.
I used this product for baking bread did not notice any improvement
only two packs of boysenberries the other one was plums which I did not order. Used for cobbler.
These Choco Pies were dry. Microwaving is a must. Perhaps an older batch?
I was expecting them to be flavorful but their not as seasoned as their other beans
The package was crushed and torn.
Pricey and slow ship but thankfully to have. Love cooking breads and homemade foods
I only use Nurpods & Caramel is the only flavor I have not liked
So many raspberry but too few others... Almost half of the bag is raspberry flavor
Water had the aluminum taste was bummed
Weaker than I would hoped, I would recommend 2 bags per 8 oz cup
product is better suited for a small child or midget, no an adult male, midget slices
No idea it had no caffeine. Why do that??
they all melted before they got here, you should just buy them at the store
Not very fresh and some wild flavors
Was sweet, not spicy  did not taste anything like salsa, bland
love the honey but very expensive for an 8oz jar
I was expecting something a little more Sichuan Chili Oil and a little less peppercorn.
There was a slit in the bag making me concerned weather the spooks tampered with it.
Tiny tiny box and not worth the money paid.
Not particularly tasty. In addition, it is not made with organic ingredients
Not what I thought taste is not great.  Makes an ok snack
Was not an even combination of candy.
I ordered  two box and when I received them there were 3 to 4 bags opened in each box .
Walmart has it for cheaper and bigger
The cheese does not dissolve, it remains chunky
I suppose it does what it is supposed to but it is Vile tasting stuff. Whew!
Entirely too salty, & I am not anti salt!!
Tastes like glyphosate. Threw it up every time I tried one can.
Good product, just a bit expensive.
Edible, but pretty bland and dry. I would not order again.
Used for cookies, trail mix.  Some of the halves were a bit shriveled instead of being plump.
o k not great it is a good coffee not a great coffee little lmild could be a little stronger
They are smaller then what I needed.
am getting a lot of bags that are sealed in outer wrapper and tear when opened.
Kind bars are so tasty and crunchy. These are bland and soft. Such a disappointment.
Underestimated the size. This is way smaller than I had hoped.
Plump and moist but bitter
It tends to give us diarrhea
Not what I expected.  Does not taste like blackcurrant tea that I remember.
the price is right however its a little heavy on the pink flavor otherwise its a good deal
What can I say,  it is a mint in Xmas colours.
Not enough caffeine
was not enough caramel to taste
Not much crema. Even increased my load and grinded finer, and it still runs faster.
Flavor is good but I feel like the price is expensive for getting just a small sized bag.
One of the can was leaking. The oil was box all over box and my counter
Over charge the price! !
I am just not a fan of these noodles but did help me lose weight.
Helps with digestion But people must know you cannot drink it every day
I do not appreciate that the container is plastic .
Not much peach flavor
The thing is, for about $15 total price I only got one small packet. That is it.
not the flavor I was expecting.
Honey taste is okay but very little portions in each bag and so hard to squeeze out
It is sour for like 30 sec the rest is sweet.
Not worth it! Only 50 calories worth of beef jerky in the pack. Then only 5 little packs.
It was a itsy bitsy teeney tiny banana ... if it was a GRINDR date I would send him home...
Love the item just think priced wrong on Amazon.
Has brownish spot on outer leaves
Not enough variety.
Came banged up and leaking
Needs lots of salt and pepper to flavor it up.
There are only about 8 sticks per pack, not like regular pocky purchases.
They are just eh.
The bun was too dry.
Weak flavor espresso style is way better
80 % of crackers were crumbs. Will not buy again
Not as flavorful as I expected it to be.
Nothing fancy. Just soup in a can.
Completely dissatisfied
So disappointing. Product is delicious, but the squeeze bottle is too hard to squeeze.
Standard oatmeal with no fluff.
Not creamy in my coffee.
Not an anime pillow.
The cans came in totally damaged to where i could barely open up the can to get the coffee beans.
I like salt a little coarse but this is a lot coarse.
I found the coffee to be on the weak side of the chart. Flavor is ok but not bold enough.
Bag NOT resealable.
Does not exactly taste like caramel, but it is not unpleasant.
The candy was packaged with bubble wrap but was broke into pieces when we received it.
It was a gift for a friend.
The box was totally destroyed and then taped back together!
Product was 5 months expired.
Cannot taste any heat at all
I did not like. It has a flat taste. No fizz.
Ok a bit too thin when stirred.
Size of pieces in loaves are smaller & irregularly shaped.
The bottom of the container was off.
I like fire cider a lot but ordered no sugar and got the regular.
Not worth the inflated price. Not a good lemon flavor.  The Banana Cream Pie is much better
Better in the bag for some reason. This has a weird taste. Comes in a plastic tub.
It spilled everywhere
This was a gift have not heard whether it was used it not
Let us just say I did not order these again.
good priece under 30 bucks but no best of date and white covering of chocolate
Will not buy this product again..not fresh..too salty..
A little too big and somewhat dry tasting.
Tastes okay, but little disappointed by lack of real chocolate flavor.
It is expensive and very potent chocolate,but not on par w finer Belgian chocalates.
Was going to give as gift but looks skimpy.  Have not tried it yet.
They are not as tasty as the berry ones.
Needs improvement of quality.
Lasted two days before some oranges were growing mold.
Creamer, yes, but clearly lacking in the Irish flavor...
It was bigger than i thought, chean aterial as well.
Did not care for them. Way too salty. Could not taste olive at all.
I would never order this item again!
Surprised to say, not very good? I am just not certain this blend will appeal to many...
Box arrived damaged and all contents spilled out in the shipping container
They came somewhat melted????
Not as much taste as the ones I got from Anthony pumpkin seeds. Much harder to chew.
So cute, but really flimsy. Very thin paper.
Good product, but it has been delivered in very bad conditions and most of the biscuits were broken
Average... did not feel these were worth the $
No different than other vanilla in taste or strength.
Bought as a gift.  Did not like the taste.
Nothing out of the ordinary. I was expecting  a little more kick. Oh well
Expensive product and way too sweet
Vanilla seems a bit weaker than my last bottle.
Good product.  Less expensive and comparable  versions if you search for them.
Did not include stick to spread the cheese on the crackers.
Do not feel like there is enough coffe grounds inside
Nothing to get excited about.  Flavor was muted.  Seemed stale when received
I like the flavor but the consistency is course and it less likely to blend well.
Loved the coffee, just wish it was not so expensive.
Did not care for the taste.
The product is good but one of our packages was broken which made the box soggy and it was a mess.
It contains only half of the powder. Is it normal??
I love them but I am not going to get them again because they are too expensive
Coffee flavor was what than medium roast
I think they got frozen in shipment and it changed the consistency of the cream.
Receuved old potatoes
I like these chips get them too.
Could not eat more then half of them, hard and no taste..
Do not get this one if you want to make Brazilian cheese balls.
Just too costly!
I will go with fresh next time. Dried has hardly any if the flavor of fresh ones.
Tea party favors
Taste AWFUL to me LOL
Would be 5star but dang is it pricey
Would not have bought it knowing one of the ingredients is aluminum
It seems to have become more spicy since I last bought some last year :(
These tasted winderfylly
Does not have a whole lot of flavor the artificial sweetener is very overpowering
Thinner and not as flavorful as before.
Blends well maybe too well- there was not much of a French vanilla flavor distinctive taste
By the time I paid shipping charges this was too expensive for me, but I liked the small portions.
My family did not like the taste of this product.
Its just refrigerated bacon
I have had worse , I have had better.
They had allot of slime on them
A little dry, at times, but OK if you do not want to cook yourself.
The amount I got was to see if I am not enough
Not what we expected.  Will stick to bubble tea shops
They are a bit fragile. One pack had a lot of cracker pieces.
Not very tasty. Better in combination with other chips
Package came open and damaged.
They come all broke up.
2 of the 1 lb cakes were excellent. One was stale, like paper protection had failed
I did not care for the taste of either flavor.
Some were open and had to be trashed
"Not bad.  Definitely a ""wake you up"" cup of coffee.  A little on the bitter side but drinkable."
Flavors are ok. They taste somewhat watered down and not very strong.
I keep this stuff around to add to just about everything .. quality product
Not as hot as expected.
WILL NOT BUY AGAIN. TOO MANY INDIVIDUAL PIECES OF SMALL BITES THAT DO NOT HIT THE SPOT
This lists number of pieces as 4. Your order will bring 2 boxes.
Alright at first, but I quickly tired of it as a flavor for my sparkling water
Barely could taste strawberry
Icky sweet, not rich tasting and had no sea salt on them
It was not bad. To expensive for what you get
This was my second order but this time it was so dry.
These taste decent but not good enough for me to buy them again.
I was not too keen on the taste. Will try other snacks. I do like that it is all natural though.
Bitter taste like diet soda, maybe its the caffine
Not has put together as the picture seems.
They are pretty dried out.
Coffee is pretty weak. Need to try a darker roast. Comes out watery. Used 8oz cup
Short shelf life
Did not really like the taste.
I feel like this is over priced...not that great and the watermelon was horrible
Convenient, but only contains 30mg of caffeine.
Not the best, not the worst. Not sure if it is worth it.
It is coffee cream. Gave 3 stars because flavor was not great but was not bad either
Not worh the $$$$
Plastic bottle. Missed this in the description. Would not have purchase had I known.
I pay more for the flavor I like the most. The other Bai waters are not as expensive.
Did not come with bowls like it said
Does not have candy mixtures with it.
OK taste.  Price is expensive.
Does not taste as remembered. No suggested serving instructions.
Kind of expensive for what you get
This is only 1 box, not six as other vendors provide.
Only received 1 seasoning and no reply as to where the other one is
Not great...not bad, but it seems like some of these are more bitter than others.
Only 9 came and expiration date is in 3 months.
Tastes great, but very difficult to stir.
One of the 3 boxes was crushed a bit and open.  I threw it away.
Not sour enough at all for me
contains soy. i will not re-order.
Got this for my daughter to try. Not very tasty. Will not buy again.
1 out of 3 of the jar's lids was popped open upon unpacking. But vendor does not allow returns.
makes no difference, just waek flavorless coffee with mushroom dust???
A bit squished-  the box packaging was not the reason.
flavors do not work for me
this is not the vanilla powder like at SB.
Little pricey  but I can get double for the almost same price from chefs store
I seemed to blend well but I did not like the taste.
the bottles had leaked out and were a pretty big mess
Some packets are small. Mostly all broken or melted cookies
Not really that happyy with this coffee. It was a little bitter and too strong for us.
Very good chips but too expensive you can get them less expensive on middleswarth.com
Decent but not outstanding
Bought for spouse, her opinion is could be stronger chocolate flavor
I expected these to be better.  They are bland.
Did not really care for the flavor
Got nice heat to it but has a little bit of a weird twang to its taste I thought.
I would not purchase again
Three of the six bottles were smashed to smithereens! Boo!
This is a must ingredient for making papa Hemingway's hamburger.
I love the drink it has just got to expensive at $5.00 a can
Jerky packets in the picture is deceiving
Not great, many others food items such as these are preferential
Works very well but the taste is very bitter. Not for me
to crispy and cut the malitol for Splenda
Love the blue, faint taste
Hoping it will help my dry, flaky skin!
Strawberries were ok. Sweet but 1/4 were partially mushy on each one. :(
Glad to finally find these available but very expensive. Takes alot to make thick portions.
Crunchy, but not like I remembered.
It is alright. The taste is a bit overpowering.
Too pricey for what is included.
This a good vanilla, but not great. It has fruit juice added for flavoring!!!
Too fruity for me... Not the taste i expected
The flour shelled old
Taste is not the same as the smaller bags sold in stores
Somehow they managed to make beef jerky that was not only super dry but also greasy tasting.
Not coconutty enough.
Much smaller amount of product than I espected
I only got 1 case . My neighbor stole the other packages.
Undecided working on dilution/flavor.
item was as expected, Prompt service
Pretty but pretty small size fits with smaller cup cakes
This will definitely add heat to a flavorful dish but lacks flavor and is very vinegary.
Jelly belly is a yummy jelly bean but the box came all jacked up, definitely not giftable.
Only 0.5 oz bags. Not very thick. Wony hold up to dipping
Birthday cake topper
The cookies were stale. They have always been good in the past
carboard surrounding cans was in shreds and one can was dented.
Some of the packets of lemon crystals were stuck to the packet and I could not use them.
Ordered two packs . One pack arrived open. I had to throw that away.
Not really a fan of the new formula on the flavors
Sparse on the meat.
One of the 4 boxes was damaged and we had salt flowing out and into the packaging
The figs look good and big. Unfortunately, at least half of the figs are dry, very hard and chewy.
Not enough product for the price
I will try another brand
Way over priced. There are similar ramen from Asian grocery stores for no more than $5
Our family feels that it is not very salty, and the elderly and children can accept it.
I do not really like the taste,not really
A bit on the dry side not flakey enough
Low carb and adds cruch to yogurt.
This does not come with the size of snickers in the photo, these are all minis
These have a weird texture, but the flavor is pretty decent has some kick to it.
It did not have a lot  of flavor. I had to mix it with another coffee.
Larger than I expected. Overall satisfied.
They were all melted to the wrappers.
this was my only single serve cheese option for the nursing home
All of the cheese baked out of them and ended up in the pan.
Did not really like the taste of this gum.
I thought they were M&M's my bad. Chocolate was OK, I would buy again.
Was not what we were expecting.
Well it said hello but all I got was red color
Almonds are small.  Some are bitter. Tamari glaze is light.
Tastes good but too expensive and too small of a size.
Price is okay but it is a bit too harsh tasting to me. Add a little milk or cream.
tastes a bit bitter but i still eat it as a lower cal option
Not bad but did not love it either
I ordered and received a notice it was damaged and undeliverable
Not what I expected
This product is so small. I am contemplating a return. It does not seem worth the money
Low quality dates
Too much sugar on outside of the candy
Need lots to get the flavor
Some of them did not have rappers on them
Arrived broken.  I had to hot glue it back together.
I purchased for my personal use. However what I got was a lemon flavor tea.
Works just as expected.  No defects noticed.
The nuts were quite dry
The tea is amazing but too expensive.  Costco sells the larger jars for $8.
TOOOOOOOOO SALTY
The chocolate was waxy and did not leave a good mouth feel. Expensive product to be so unsatisfied.
Not the same taste as years ago. Globs of unabsorbed cereal even with vigorous stirring.
I coukd not eat this it is too salty.
THIS WORKS BUT ITS' JUST TOO EXPENSIVE - AM TRYING TO FIND A BETTER ALTERNATIVE
not a big fan of them
The flavor took some getting used to, for a lower price would definitely buy again.
There was a hole in the bag 2x.
They were a little broke. Taste was old.
Item received did not have VEGAN label like it was shown on Amazon
Wish they were individually wrapped
How come the bag does not have any indication of being organic?
Kraft is still my preference. Not worth the extra money.
Not worth it at regular price. They are just oreo branded; nothing like oreos.
Did not taste like I expected but I will consider trying other flavors. Order arrived quickly.
Item is as stated and is what you would expect
Like this, but did not mean to get big the cans!
Did not realize salt was added!  No telling what lind of salt. Will not buy again.
You get a ton of boxes, however they are a little less then half full.
This popcorn would not pop.
Box was open and missing one of the bags
it has an after taste I am not fond of
Do not really know, sent as a gift.
Some of the chocolates look old, they were discolored.
Smaller than I expected
Too much sweetness for me, other than that they are as you would expect
There just was not enough coffee flavor for me.
Syrup is a bit artificial tasting, kind of reminds me of Robitussin cough syrup.
Very tasty, moist.  However, extremely pricey for practically a tablespoon!
They were smooshed and chocolate melted so they all stuck together.
item was as described but did not meet my expectations
Too sweet. I Wish it was half of sugar
I personally do not care for flavor of this coffee. Maybe I was expecting too much.
The description said there were going to be 40 packages; I only received 37.
Flavor was not as expected
My son does not really care for it that much.
Not enough protein
I think you can actually taste the grass
These have tiny cracks in them so they are candy pieces and NOT candy CANES.
OK but not great
They are not kidding when they say miniature
It are not Johnsonville!
Tasty, but a tad dry.
Received but was melted and stuck together
The Kahrig pods do not taste anything like the coffee and a Dunkin donut shop
I did not like the quality
Smaller and drier than expected.
Too buttery, did not taste like I was looking for. My daughter loves it.
The green beans need to be cooked SO MUCH LONGER. They always end up raw and gross.
It is fine. I personally do not love the taste
My bottles came with no pump. 
Was quite pricy doe what was inside basket.
They a little mushy and had me ripping ass for like 2 days straight. 3 bucks though.
Not for me, way too fruity
Purchased two eight pack shrink wrapped units. The two bottom cans on each unit arrived damaged,
Did not have much Irish Cream Flavor!
did not like taste -  not distinct all tasted the same
Too expensive Okay Taste f
Snacks are not in the variety that is shown
Expensive for what it is, but good quality
Like product but 3 containers arrived open and spilled.
Sprinkles came opened just loose in the bag
open bag unsatisfactory  freshness may be compromised
A bit expensive, but I think my Dad enjoyed them.
Something about the taste and smell, something to do with the ingredients
Expensive for what you get. saw comments of dented can. my can arrived ok.
Do not waste your money
Not all pods are recognized by the Kurig 2.0.
Candy taste like the way burnt plastic smells
Delivery was super late but all the jerky was very yummy.
Not to impressed,it is like a Twix bar in the USA
Not as tasty as I thought it would be.
Habanero is pretty tame, tapito is hotter
not as described and shown in the picture, waist of money
So I am paying $64 for 8 packs?
This packet came with a broten box.
Was not as sweet as sugar or very vanilla tasting - a little disappointed
They came all melted
Looks like good barley but bag was broken open and spilled in box. I now read this is common.
Tastes good but is not a paste.  It is very thin, like a syrup.
Reminds me of my youth.
Candies do not taste good...good for a decoration I guess
All of the gumballs seemed to be melted in their wrappers.
Cute but very small, I have to made a package with this
Not what I was expecting.
Is ok but tastes kid of artificial, not a fan of after taste
All the colors are the same flavor.
Not what they used to be. And also not anything. Will not buy again.
Extremely small Many were cracked not certain what that means
But seems costly
the taste is ehh and the texture is super weird
No comment at this time
I do not care for it. Definitely does not beat the real deal. I will not get it again
Did not have paw patrol on the boxes.  It was just regular apple juice Capri sun
Watery and acidic, I guess it is an acquired taste
the sherbert was had and packed down very lumpy and hard to get out of tube
Grossly overpriced
I thought it was a bit chalky, grainy
I buy coconut oil all the time and this oil has an overpowering coconut flavor.
Too wet when prepared in microwave.
Taste like the dry spice not like hot sause
Not fizzy enough and takes a long time to dissolve.
Pretty tasteless, surprised by the corn and pork in it.
Hardly any flavor. A bit disappointed,  even though the price is wonderful.
Tastes like marmalade.  Gave it away.
The banana ones have banana flavor, but to me the lime and lemon ones just taste like sugar.
Some cans came with dents.  Please be careful before shipping
came quickly, but they were stale.
I had to glue 4 of the pearls back on, and a little heavier than I thought it would be.
One piece of the fruit was spoiled when it arrived.
Love the product but all the granola bars were broken.
Energy and taste
Came melted and very small amount but other than that it is ok.
Not as listed did not receive the berry just the apple and strawberry.
Be careful the box is too small to be true
I did not care for the taste
most of the cookies were broken.
It was fine just usually drink perked coffee.
Majorly Lacks flavor. Cooks well in an airfryer.
Not a fan of the texture
Came with the coffee maker. Very wasteful unless you can find a way to reuse the little cups.
Have not purchased any again!
Not a lot for the price and mine were on the verge of being old... not fresh n crisp like I like
very small amount not great but ok
For my grands to munch when they come over.
I did not like all of the flavors, but those that I did like were flavorful.
Flavor is terrific
not what I expected
Half of the box is full of empty packets 
smallish size, some bruises
Will buy food at market next time
Was expecting more of a kick from these but unfortunately the were not.  Tasty though.
Not my cup of tea   Need to be sliced
"Only 3/4"" across. The pop looks like a small marble at the end of a long stick."
Most packs had broken chips in each one.
Wanted to test the mix. Ginger beer and root beer differently do no blend well.
Too long for a shank.  Not cut well
I expected the rocks to be larger, but it served its purpose
Good but expensive!
It had a bitter taste that I did not like.
At least 1/3 of the bottle was missing.  McCormicks can do better than that.
Tasteless.  The stuff from Nut.com better.
Was expecting the bigger sized beans.
seems like I have to use a lot to get a flavor in my coffee. But for cookies I like it
Wife loves this coffee, way to pricey for us to buy again.
Like the product not the price
Would like to know what blackberry tastes like as there was not 1 in the entire box.
I ordered two of these and one of them had no sesame seeds. What??
Yes,the taste was good but an expensive product for the size
Plastic bottles...nah...
Like the idea but found the flavors and texture lacking.
There was not much to them.  Also there was not really any card appropriate for girls.
This product tastes good, however they are expensive and is not a good value.
I did not like the taste of ut
Instructions not clear.  Flavors taste not as expected.
Not bad for a no sugar no carb coffee syrup. Slight after taste but tolerable.
Cookie is good but less than half price for same amount at w
were not very fresh or soft
all tortas were cracked into pieces
Bottle(s) have leaked 2 out of 3 times.
Stronger than what I thought, but that means it takes less, right?!?
Bananas still have not turned yellow
Everything came melted and misshapen.
Will not order again
5 cans were damaged
Dots were hard and did not taste as fresh as previous orders.
It has a different taste than I was expecting no mint or tea in the taste
We use them for snacks.
I was expecting a lighter pink.
Not as advertised peeps.  Their ad pic should be a brown box with loose kCups.
Prompt delivery. Product as expected,
It was very dry and did not have a lot of flavor. Would not purchase again.
Put in zip lock bag.
Did not realize that they were mini
They tasted alright, a little bland i am going to, but they were worth the try.
Get Better Oats Brand, way better than these! So disappointed!
It had a bitter taste. Do not care for it
The plastic containing the cans was literally cut open. Cans everywhere. 
Tastes horrible if you eat them by themselves. If you put them in a smoothie they are pretty good.
It did not look like the one I ordered at all and the candy's were all melted!
Love the cookies but not worth the money spent.
Not a lot of flavor here.
Aftertaste. Not good. It has as much energy as a seltzer
Arrived open so we could not try it
The actual sand was pretty small.
The plant came dormant although it is summer but that is ok. The fisherman came in pieces sadly.
They taste good but are a bit expensive for the size of the bag and the cookies.
Does not really have the Vanilla taste.
They tasted as if they had been sitting on the shelf too long. Long wait not worth the long wait
Not chewy as I hoped for
Taste not bad but the quantity was smaller than expected
Lose the additives! Guar gum is not necessary!
Taste is ok packets messy to open
Was not the real flavor of the sauce. Plus this price for what you get is not worth it
The noodles are mushy and it is too spicy.
Mostly taste the cinnamon spice. Hard to tell if it is actually 5 spices mixed into one.
Yeah you get 5 bags, but there is not much in each bag. Cost is way higher than it should be.
I like the taste but will not reorder! Think they are made in China!
It seems fine but takes a lot to make my coffee less bitter.
I assume it is called the three company because only 3 of them will survive
the figs were all different in the way they were dried....some soft and some hard.
You need to mix it with Schweppes to get the same taste that you get from Tomr's and a soda stream
I gave this an item a 3/5 because I only enjoyed 2 of the 5 flavors and the rest were wasted.
i HAVE NOTICED THAT A FEW OF THE PODS HAD GOOD TASTE, MOST HAD A BITTER STALE TASTE!
Way smaller than it looks. Think miniature.
Lots of fiber. Parts I had to throw away as it was so woody.
Cucumber very soft & mushy to touch & felt hollow inside. We ended up throwing it
like the portions.  But all stuck together.
Product had a tear in the bag and it was spilled all over inside the amazon box.
Was expecting what was pictures, sent as a house warming for son.
These were good but definitely slightly stale.  They were not expired.
I am trying to get used to this flavor.  It is not a bad taste but is not a great flavor IMHO.
These are really crunchy, and not very sweat.
I really love this jam but unfortunately it was not packaged well enough and the jars were leaking.
They ended up costing about a quarter a piece.
If you like bandaid flavored coffee, look no further!!
I did not taste it, but the family member for whom I bought it found it to be not as expected.
Lots of cheese but wished they were individually wrapped to last longer
Most peaches were moist and flavorful. A few were on the dry side.
A lot of the chocolate was already open inside
it is a little bitter. suppose it could use more pine nuts.
The ad said that I was going to receive 3 loaves. What a ripoff!
Not impressed. The peanuts were raw. Other brands I have had are nicely roasted. Bland flavor.
Almost $3 per stick?
I was disappointed in the paqckaging. Your other options available are superior.
pretty weak coffee
Not as tasty as what I would had at a friend's home.  Thought they would be the same, but they are not.
Interesting, but quite expensive.  May consider again once orice comes down.
These are pretty good but they are very expensive for what you get
Allot of coffee but I had to throw away a,lot of pods because they were smashed.
Pretty expensive for the amount. Bigger bags at the local Walmart for less money.
Purchase for someone else.
Horror taste and consistency
A little too sweet for me (I prefer the Orelia/Oringina).
Got 1 out of 4 Doritos Sealing was irregular
I do not understand this.  I never ordered grits??????
I like the way this soup tastes but I do not like that two of the three cans were deeply dented.
The flavor is not what I had hoped. It does not contain enough umph. Certainly decent though.
Its not bad its just reall sugary and less lychee like.
I like it I just wish the expiration date was not so close.
Add says 100% juice ,delivered and it is concentrate. Not the same thing
Needs time to grow.
Calories were higher than expected with no added sugar
I had to use a lot of it to get rid of some closet odors.
The date  about to expire
Arrived on time and as described thank you
my tea has no taste but on the web & box its says it has a sweet taste not true
I like but kind of expensive
Comparable to licking a pillar of salt, no real flavor profile.
Casing felt like chewing gum
I expected a bigger jar for the money I paid,otherwise no complaints.
Do not get the hype
Had a taste of plastic when brewed on the stronger strength.
not much of a mix and I found them cheaper blessings
They were not as they used to be.  Did not care for them.
Overpriced for the quality level
I really did not care for this. Strange flavor.
Package came on time and intact, however I ordered the Supreme and received Creme Brulee.
NOT A RICH TASTING COFFEE.  IF YOU LIKE A DEEP BREW, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU
Buyer beware.  These are not edible.
Difficult to keep fresh due to open cups
Packets seem to loss flavor over time.
Not as flavorful or creamy
Tried it in my shake, barely tasted the flavor. Used the recommended amout
Arrived today, damaged packets. Need for race so will need to keep the undamaged ones. I
Been keto/low-carb for over a year and was excited to try this, but the flavor was not great.
These are not Kind to your teeth2 hard. They taste good though.
Flavor lasts only about one minute of chewing!
It is super sweet and thick. Little goes a long way.
Was not too crazy about it, coffee tasted more like Coconut than hazelnut.
Green but kind of tough, I am guessing a lot of fiber.
Dry and an off flavor
I do not need a variety.
Did not like the taste or texture. Just not for me
I have to agree with others that post how greasy the product is!  I will not buy again.
Expiration date date was too close to when received
Did not  like the way it  taste.
there is a peculiar taste.
The hint of chocolate is stronger than I expected and the coffee is not bold enough for me.
The Chicken salt in the green jar is OK but the salt in the red jar is very hot, too hot!
guess i am not real fond of the flavor.
Used tea to make Medicine  Ball tea. Found tea at Target for 5.50 a container.
Size seemed different than pictured/
I received this product today and the can was dented on the front.
Do not waste your money. Do not know what I was thinking? Truth in advertising maybe?
These have a really odd after taste. It is there for second ..
Fruit flavors could be improved
We received the box with 1 wrapper empty and 3 others opened.
If you want to have a heart attack, have a cup of this.
its a good tea for iced tea but seemed stale.
Pieces were not ground up as much as expected but otherwise met my needs
Decent enough but not something I would purchase again and certainly not at its current price.
Found this difficult to measure, resulting in too sweet and bitter taste
The soup is not as flavorful as it once was.
The new prices on Moini make this oil seem like less of a value.
Not enough spice - I could only taste small amount of ginger.
It is may really Western tastes
Not as crunchy or flavorful as Ritz brand.
Was useful but did not like as well as other butter's
taste was a little too sweet for me
This item does not meet my expectations.
I cannot expect that only 4 months left for Expiry date
The one I received was old/dried out chocolate. Did not pass taste test either.
recipient said garliv infused --- yuk!
A bit bland and at the same time, a bit bitter.  We like bold flavor coffee and this just is not it.
Not as tasty as I remember when I use to buy these regularly several years ago.
nothing special for a ridiculous amount of money for a few chips
I will not purchase this again because it is very oily and not a nice texture when eating.
There was no way I was using them
Not what I expected
Tree has only lasted about 2 weeks and then died
Came kind of stale
Like them on a salad
The gummies were ok, but not great, and the price was too high for the product.
packaging did not have exp date
Very very spicy. And even thought it was packaged really well, one jar was broken.
I bought this because I cannot stand almond flour, but this just has an over powering flour taste.
Not the freshest.
some of the nuts tasted old or like they had been cooked in old oil  probably will not buy again
Blue and purple look the same .. you hav to look close up to see they are different
I think the cockles were mushy.
Dry and crusted with crystals.  Almost too sweet.  I am going back to mission figs.
Decent, but not worth the price.
About as expected
More broken chips that I expected
I did not like the design or material
After placing this order I found the candy at Walgreens at 2 for $1. D'oh!
These are a must have around our house on keto, but I have to say I prefer the spaghetti!
Price was a little to much for what you get
got what I expected
Residue in bottom of cup is a turn off
One of the packages of mix was open and completely emptied out inside package.
Red leaf Lettuce Spoiled 1st and had to weed thru entire package to pull out slime.
These are MUCH smaller than the Wilton sequins.
I will not purchase these, I will go back to another brand.
Much more sugary and very little licorice than other brands
Nothing to call home for.
Cans were significantly smaller than I expected.
Not what I expected big price for a tiny product
Not real great...kind of dry and crunchy!
I do not feel the sparkling works for iced tea.
It is not all that
Not as fresh as I have received in the past.
Smallest microwave popcorn bag i have ever seen
said it  had been given  to a resident  it was left on porch.
Just regular not bad cake, not for $50. It is not worth it.
the flavor is very similar to the kroger brand value instant coffee, so pretty ordinary
it says for two boxes but only received one, i have never tried this flavor but i like it
I did not care for the taste ,too expensive. grab a bag of Cheetos and enjoy!
I expected a fuller flavor.
Oddly dry patties.
It is all clumped, I can not get it out without melting the bottle contents.
A little too sweet for me
This was recommended by someone.  I should have considered the source.  It is salt.
Good but expensive.  Worked well in machine.
the portion size is not what I thought
I prefer the Spirulina Dream and Chocolate Almond versions
These are yummy chocolates - but by the time I got to my mail they were already melted!
When order arrived, it was only 1 12pk. I emailed shipper and he issued a partial refund.
Only received 18 of the case of 24. They were sticky and Sandy I would like to be made whole
Love the product but unhappy that the container is only half full.
One can broke.  Very messy.  Had to clean up the other cans.  Box was wet.
Sweetened and is smooth but has a weird aftertaste
Ice packs were melted.
I thought is was going to be the bigger cans. I love Pringles ... just not this tiny size. My bad.
Not enough blueberries, no flavor, when heated they fell apart, crumbled.
Not in Sour Patch bag. Came from large candy store.
Taste fine. Usually arrive with 3-5 broken eggs.
No ones fault. Probably left on shelf since Christmas!! Product semi-dry!
has a slight different taste
Damaged, only could eat about half of the candy
The picture states WHOLE GRANULATION but I received COARSE GRANULATION. It is not what I wanted.
They are medium quality. Will not buy again.
They were all stuck together
my teen loves this ice cream
When it said jumbo, I expected a bigger cookie .
A majority of the flavors taste like soap
broke when taking it out of cake, but it served its purpose.
I would offer both Green chili and red
Will not order again.  Do not want seafood from China.
Just ok. Does not mix very well with cold liquids. Not a strong flavor either.
I do not know what I was expecting when I bit into it.
They work, but they taste like white dog poop.
It would be fine if it were not for how painful my stomach is after drinking.  Can barely function
Cost prohibitive
It was ok, but a little disappointing as it does not really taste like Maple or Bacon
I bought it to use with sushi. It is too salty for this purpose.
I did not really like these. Someone else may.
taste alright. too creamy
I am haveing troulbe to use it on?
This is an asinine amount of money to spend on an MRE
It is way TOO salty. Will not buy again.
Cookies were all broken. Gluten free means no glue to keep the cookies together
I like the quality of this coconut oil. I use on my hair and skin.
I thought it was a little too bitter for my taste. I likely will not purchase again
Needed seasoning but it was edible
It is the se one time that I am buying this can and came  with smashed  The only problem.
It was ok, it did not have any mother in it.  Seems watered down. Not nearly as good as Bragg ASV.
nothing to cause me to purchase again
Gave these a three star Because I think hit pockets are gross but my kids like them
Product was smashed.
They should be called planters almond lovers mix, salted.
Did not taste like the regular gummy bears.
Older product, only had 6 months left on sell by date. Expensive.
Did Not like the muddy and not green color when mixed with liquid.
I like this coffee, but it increased by $12 a bag in two months.  No thank you.
The watermelon flavor is very sweet, but the gum does not last a very long time like the other gums.
Chocolate had bloomed.
The plastic cracked within 3 uses.
Not mild,no taste at all
nothing to brag about
I always use this honey and I like the taste of it!
Tree arrived with scarring on trunk and branches from wires that were left to rust on it.
Average.  If you must have Indian but cannot go to such restaurant or know how to cook it.
Texture is very strange not what I expected.
getting them damaged
Fairly weak in smell and taste. Most noticeable is burnt wood aftertaste, like licking a fire pit.
I used the item in my drink. But I could never taste any of its flavors
Candy was old and hard
I do not like this favor
Not enough cheese, then again they are too small to add more cheese.
Something changed does not taste the same as before covid
Cans always come dented.  But chicken very convenient and consistently good
too nuch chemical taste
this is a test review
Not much to say other than the taste is a middle of the road kind of taste.
Product, Not what was advertised, As Espresso Beans .
Bought it only for tradition for Christmas, but nothing fancy.
They were only 4 oreos in the box.
Sticking to wrapper as if melted
Does not whip up flat  Like flat paste
I thought it was white roast ground coffee did not know it was a liquor brand
Tastes like tree bark. If you do not mind that then it probably does the trick.
They taste different from when I ate them in my childhood.
Not the variety of granola bars. All of them were chocolate chip.
Only a few of the confections had flavor.  The rest were just sweet.
These were far overpriced. Found them for half the cost at sprouts.
The boxes were smashed. I do not know yet if any of the tea was destroyed.
they all tasted alike
Almost done with the bottle have not seen or felt a difference yet. Taste is meh 
Not a fan. Bit pickly flavored.  Rinse well and add lots of sauce if using for pasta replacement.
I used this for chocolate chip cookies and the chocolate was not flavorful.
Cookies arrived packed in a box and were crushed in pieces when I opened a package.
I wanted to like these, but alas, I cannot really afford, nor do I like throwing food away.
Very tasty but did not get me all the different flavors it described.
Did not realize that some of the bars have added sugar.
Not as spicy and flavorful as I expected. Went back to Laguna salt
Flavor is a little bitter on some. Have to shake them up before using or you do not get a full cup.
All the nuts tasted fresh, accept the hazelnuts. They tasted rancid.. bitter.
taste great but, was asthma trigger for me. not sure if its the dye or artificial cherry flavoring
Not as expected, not pack properly.  Would not purchase again
This used to be our favorite coffee pod but the last few times we ordered it it tastes weak.
It is a product of China.,
I did not like the cookies but do like the box
The product expiration date is 1/23/2022. It is only 3 months left. We have to eat it as soon as possible.
each is individually wrapped.
As above, moved to a different brand
Some of the candy eggs were not creamy as they should be
Like the taste but seems like strength of this product has been diluted perhaps 5 yrs ago?
Not pure orange water. Very off taste.
these are tasty, but give a person dragon breath
not enough flavor, price too high
The  coffees are all pretty good except for the chocolate glazed doughnut it is disgusting
Package was open in one side, an amount of the product was outside.
I might as well get a real bag of chips.the difference in calories is only 30 calories per serving
Just overrated,overpriced chili.
I did not really care for them. So I gave to my children.
came without a lid. product still sealed
Contains gluten and made me sick. If you  can tolerate gluten it is a great product.
it was not what I expected.....I was looking for old fashioned  maypo not oaatmeal...
Candy coated. High quality chocolate. Low caffeine coffee beans.
Would not order it again.
Came partially melted into chunks. No AC UPS truck and high temps did not help!
Boxes were not intact so concerned for safety of the product.
Good but not worth $10 or a 3 week wait. Bought them when I was drunk one night 
"Extremely short ""Use By"" date stamped on bottom of bottle"
I bit bitter in taste, especially if you use too much.
This tea has no flavor.
Not crazy about this vegan pie, i like an apple pie made regularly, with regular sugar & spices
The starbursts packs were all strawberry flavor only.  Very disappointing.  The Skittles were good.
Is a good product but expensive for how little you  get.  It came quickly with no package problems
Though very tasty, they are big and difficult to chew .
This is a medium roast coffee.
The taste is too bitter and dry.
Not sure how you mess up Mozz cheese but it was bland and OK
Has little or no resemblance to eggnog unless you really doctor it up!
Not a good flavor. I understand these are supposed to be healthy, but they are hard to drink.
Not a great pastry. Box flimsy. I ate them because as a Brit I love mince pies.
I was expecting a product which was similar to grapefruit juice. This is a highly sweetened drink.
A fine tea, not exceptional
It was OK not great and maybe a bit too salty.
Did not cook well for me
I would buy this again
Just do not care for the texture and taste.
Just taste like a holiday butter but very buttery not much other flavor. Traditional butter flavor
Did not really like the flavor
Not what I had expected, oops, my error.
I bought tomato plants and they are non  pro
Not like the picture. They are outlined in white where as the picture looks like a cut out
THE PRICE IS A DIFFERENT STORY.  I THINK THE PRICE SHOULD BE LOWER.
LOVE THIS!  But it is too expensive in my opinion.
Broken up when opened box. A need of better securing the product is needed.
I found the flavor to be a little strange.  Not terrible, but also not what I was looking for.
Box was all beat up.
Ok taste, but expensive.
49 cents a bottle
Only problem i have with this item is a faint after taste. Its do able but noticable.
These candies taste like cough drops.
Its expiration date is May but it is what it is!
Not what I expected.
Product has changed. Just not the same as it once was.
Surprised to see that my order was missing three flavors.
Gave as gift. He did not love. But it was funny.
Save your money it taste just like the regular carbo noodle... it is not worth $25
I do not like the flavor , no real chocolate
You gave to kneed forever to get it to blend again and the taste was not for me
Great idea, but expensive!
Super thin and takes a TON to make something white. BUT it gets the job done.
Severely overpriced but where in stock.
Christmas gift to family that has elf
To fill in mid afternoon.  Portability
I prefer the taste of a different competitors brand to this one.
Check out Starbuck's
I buy several different Dilmah teas and this one is average taste
you will only get 5 per package not 6 and that is a big difference!
a little high in sugar, but this is a treat
Snack is made in a factory and there may be cross contamination so this is not exactly gluten free.
Tasted like regular strawberry Jell-O
Had to throw away several packs due to them being open.
Comes like bulk in a carton box. Specifications should say so!
just not sweet enough for me
could have attached 2 strips of this pattern and price
Super small bites of fruits
Ok flavor. Very thin consistency.
Can had dents in it- deformed
I teaspoon has 32% of your daily intake for sodium!!
It did not taste as expected
I like it it is non gmo but there were many beans in bad shape
great taste, however a very small bag gor the price. Heavy on the dates.
Expectations were not met
It is 47 not 50 ea.
Did no meet expectations.
It is good salt. The package is annoying. I want it in a box next time.
Was not fond of product
It tasted NOTHING like is said it would.
A bit too runny compared to other real syrup
NOt really soda noodles, but it tasted alright
Olives were smaller than I expected.
Too much BB, not enough Q
Save your money-purchase locally.
You will need to sift this product
Box was crushed, some of the Gushers were smashed. Packs are much smaller than they use to be
I can not do the after taste and have only drank 3 from the case I ordered
Tastes so-so, the corned beef did not have a meat texture.
it is usable in soups and stews.
It is way overpriced!
This product produces a weak tea.  I like strong tea flavors.  Personal preference.
I am on Medicaid and only have $40.00/month discretionary spending. I just cannot afford it.
I must be living in a cave, bio engineered food?
This box was already opened. All contents were there.
does not do what they claim
A little too much granular sugar for my place.
Super cute but taste terrible.  It is edible but not really.
These arrived well packaged and secure.  Unfortunately we received 2 Chipotles and no original.
Nothing to write home about and is a bit pricey.
Added a couple drops of vinegar to twang it up !
all I will say is it TASTES organic.
I will never buy another one.
The product has only a few months left before the expiration date.
Expiration date was only a month away.
I thought I would like the white chocolate flavor, but I was wrong. Good value for my money though
I dislike finding human hair in the product of natural fresh chicken.
Not a big fan of the flavor.
Way too salty. Pass
They do not taste good at all. They actually have no flavor at all. I was disappointed.
Came a little stale but they were mostly for decoration anyways on our dessert table.
What on shelve to long
Did not have the same cheese flavor of other nutritional yeast I have purchased in the US.
These were kind of stale and broken up. Will not but then online any more.
Cases (molds) are way to big for these wraps
But the coffee goes faster than these do.
Do not drink coffee!
I do not see what the big deal is. I prefer sir Kensingtons, which I would go out of my way for.
Not as flavorful as Canadian maple syrup.
5 of the bags were open.
watery and lacking artie flavor
Was not as fresh as usual.
They were not quite how I thought they would be.maybe its just me but I did not like them.
Tasty, but pricey snack
Must use a filter to hold up those undissolved powder each time.
I  THOUGHT  I  READ  THAT  THESE WERE FUDGE and  they  are  not.
Love the candy but the wrappers are impossible to get off completely
All the buns fell apart, once the hotdog was added
Good product - bad packaging
It is a large bag for small refrigerator
A bit smaller than I expected.
Got the syrup into the coffee but not inexpensive for what you get
Was not as creamy as expected.
It came with a hole in the bag that looked like rats had gotten into it.
Worked as a starter
These are coffee tea bags. When used in my my coffee maker the coffee is like water
These are too bland for my taste. Actually, I do not think they have much taste.
Thought it would bring back an old memory but the flavor was not there. It is just bland chips.
It is okay.  The flavor is average.  You will definitely notice the extra caffeine.
It was OK.it just depends on you are taste buds wen you are buying
I like the taste of the gum, however, I think it may be causing me to have heartburn.
The taste is okay.  The texture is very weird and dry. They are very filling.
It was a bit odd tasting but not bad.
Tastes a bit chemically.
Did not like these pears, will not repurchase.
Is not really a pre workout
You do need to ad garlic and tahini
too spicy hot ...  added sour cream to tame it down
Box was demolished when arrived
Was not enough of product for the money.
Makes shopping  easier
Bought as a gift for my wife. I was lead to believe it would be spicy, however these were not.
The #1 ingredient is water. The #2 ingredient is cellulose fiber.
This product is good  but way too expensive.
Half of canister is almonds, very few pistachios or hazelnuts. Cashews and pecans are nice.
Cannot get them open without a long battle that ends in torn skin.
Not my favorite coffee i have tried. Not the worst, Decent for price!
I like it enough to eat, but I will not reorder.
These were melted its 1big chocolate pkg
I have been drinking, but it is only been a week. There is no change yet
Arrived broken, but order was accurate.
It is ok. Nothing with too much flavor. Really small and like another reviewer said, stale candy.
We ordered in September 2022 and the label expired in October
the sweetener used I do not like.
Sweat heat chili flavor was not that great...white cheddar or smoking jalapeno
I like it but should got the flower powder
Will not buy again.  Raspberry was not very good but the other flavors were okay
Edible, but not much flavor.
I like the product but not the price!
This coffee variety pack was okay the flavors were decent but the coffee tasted very weak.
I prefer the mocha latte
Ok value for the money but not impressed
The product expired within a few days. The expiry was very close to the purchase date.
Received 3 pumps but only 2 straws were included
Wish I had read reviews- all expiration dates of Oct 2022, purchased Sept 2022
Came in broken up but edible...  but available at benny's cheaper.
This product was way over priced! Will not buy again!
Not basmati rice No smell to it too short grain
Cam barely taste the bergamot.
I thought the pickles would be hot, they are NOT hot. I would not buy these again.
I remember it only cost $5.89 in store, but it is $24 at here
Ate for snacks as much as I could, finally had to package them
I liked the product, but very difficult to take off. Some had paper still stuck to it
I expected a high octane full flavored coffee.  Totally disappointed. DW is much better.
little too much of an alcohol taste for me
I thought at the price is found a nice alternative but ultimately it was not really good.
The meat was as is available at most markets.  It was rather tough and tasteless,
when I received the order, three of the coffee singles creamers were leaking and made a big mess
Backing off on the sodium would improve the taste.
Fruit had mold on it
Would not buy again. Lacks interest in flavor.
Last order these were not fresh.
Good but way too expensive.
Be careful, if you add to much it can be an overload
Seemed dry cannot eat without something to drink
Gum expired the month it was ordered; should have been about a year from date of purchase.
Decent, but 2nd tier for me.
The children loved them but they are too expensive.
Prefer resealable bags...
not the freshest
Not impressed; have had others that are much better.
Good, but expensive
Butter cookies came crushed in tin. Sesame cookies intact. Flavor good. Disappointing gift.
These mussels lack the essential smokiness flavor. Rather on the bland side.
Just a bag of cotton candy.
I made a mistake. I thought they were tea bags.
Like emergen c products not too fond of the taste it is alright taste too medicinal
These were slightly above average in flavor.
I use these for backpacking, I make ice coffee with them, just keep shaking the bottle.
Not able to enjoy them because overly salty
Got this for a diabetic fan of Nutella. Did not care for it at all.
A couple came open
Missing red color and taste extremely sweet
Really like but they took so long to get here
They are too messy for young people to eat
Little too sweet for my taste.
Hello, the box was ripped when we opened the package.
It broke when pulling out os surprise cake
I can get simulator products for $3.00
It is not bad, but not great either. It is too sweet for me, not enough coffee flavor.
This eats like white bread.  I do not think it is real.
Not as flavorful as I expected.
Next time I will order coffee beans, prefer to grind the beans prior to making coffee
some of the capsules were kneaded
The coffee  was great,but the shipping packaging sucked.
No problem with the sauce, came with a dent in the can
Flavors are not great. I am going to drink them but I am sure I will not order these again.
Pistachios ruined the bag for me, they were old, bitter and gross. Other nuts seemed fresh
It did not work for me at the recommended dosage
I did not like the after taste
Stick with the carton shakes there is a plastic taste to the protien with these
Than for seasoning
It is too dry for me.
The lupine beans came without any cooking instructions.  They also expire in 10/21
Was not correct amount of item's
I did not love the taste of this coffee. I Find it too bold.
Ordered in the fall but they still came melted. They did not sit in front porch for long.
Super yummy but VERY small
Ordered these boxesthey arrived with many broken crackers. Such a waste $$
2 out of the 3 bags were open . Shipment was fast just dissatisfied with the open bags!
It was just so so.
Tastes like lemon.  But, will not buy again.
Recieved item melted together
They are very crunchy. my husband liked them a little, to me they left an unpleasant after taste.
these arrived partially melted and stuck together in the individual boxes.
Can taste the ginger but the lemon was a little low in flavor.
Got some old stuff  Just threw it out
Received my order today and I have 3 cans not 6 ? What is up with that ?
It is real but 3 times the regular cost
the product has a strong oil taste and very little flavor  veggies are so so
Big noodles.  Is there really a difference ???? Nope not for that price.
My note was not included with my gift!  
Did not work as well as we thought
the roasting aroma was weak, the grinding aroma was weak, the flavor was ok
One piece was in the bag
Expensive but good
I felt they were a little dry, not enough flavor
Most of the key limes came brown and hard, as for the ones that were fresh the pulp was mostly dry.
Cute Lego suckers, but arrived late after the party :/
Box was ripped and cans were dented.
honey centers not liquid. flavors weak. could have been a lot nicer if fresh . . . . . .
These tasted kind of stale. I was dissapointed but the rest I will just toast and put butter on
Very expensive. Way to many cheap peanuts.
I will not eat it and I cannot get a refund It seemed the bottle was opened before sending out
I did not care for the fill recipe I got them for sandwiches and to snack on
was not up to our taste buds.....  every ones tastes is different...
seemed like a waste of packaging when you only fill it up 1/4 full
It Is Costco Honey. I Hope It Is Real Honey & Not The Cord Syrup Mixed!!!
Do not care for the taste
too little for too much money
Seller packed six bags in a four bag box. Every bag is  crushed Tostitos.
These caramels are too soft for my taste as I like my caramels chewy.
Not full size small - the full sizes come from UK.
Bag of popcorn was open inside the package, so it was rather messy.  I would not recommend gifting.
I don like the fact that is its a pill everyday that the only reason I gave it three stars
meh tastes a bit plasticy
Expensive for such a low amount, but definitely genuine, tasty Ramune.
To be honest, a little disappointed that the packets have sauces on the outside
They did not put the pink on the tips anymore.  Not as fun as I remember.
Some of the flavors were quite good but others left bad taste in my mouth.
It was nothing special and more expensive than other similar products.
But taste is subjective.
The coffee just was not really coffee like I expected
Many packs stale in spite of proper storage.
TOO expensive... I MADE my own for one third of the cost.
It is advertising as a 24 pack but my box only came with 21
Ordered the 100 piece version with no lollipop, got a 40 piece bag of lollipops
Puffy and soft mints
No toasted southern pecan flavor ends up in brewed pot.
Cookies are great...unfortunately packaging could save the cookies from being crushed
The flavor was not the same. It was also chewy.
Picture shows made in India...WRONG...actual is made in Vietnam...hmmm
$10 for a gallon of milk and it spoils before I am halfway done....sticking with horizon.
Very bitter. If you cut big core center out better but lots of work to do so.
Not allot of flavor
A little difficult to put together but cute!
The flavor of these were not to my taste.
even though it said 24 5oz cans it arrived as 24 4oz cans
Not robust enough for my taste but overall decent.
Average taste of cold coffee.  Just interesting on its place of origin.
Not as tasty as Hormels version.
Could be cheaper
Just opened the box, which had been taped shut, and found that 8 bottles had been removed
These cost too much for what you get not worth the money
I thought I bought a gallon. The gallons are like the same price.
They are just Sugar Balls, they all taste the same.
Although the flavor is good, I would say about 15% is waste due to the broken pieces.
The product is good, but this is expensive. Have switched brands.
tastes different than I remember
I will not buy this again.
Disappointed. Not a full espresso flavor. Taste of canned drip coffee, even with beautiful shots  
The unit cost of these was less than the same amount in one container
This had no Tast
They are very small but healthy
Would not purchase again. Flavor did not have any sesame flavor. Not the product expected.
The cans were damaged and the Pepsi flat. I will stick to buying my Pepsi at the store
Candy was old. Caramel was hard.
Was not that tasty
Appears that the candy had been stored in an over heated place.
Bars could be softer and creamier
Had an off taste like they were old.
$7.99 for ONE. RIP OFF Will not buy again
ok...gums are too hard and maybe old
Use it all the time. Wish it was cheaper.
not a fan of the taste.  husband will drink it but will not order it again when it is finally .
It contains a spice I am not used to in this seasoning so it threw the flavor for me.
Tasted different han caramel. Not very tasty.
The only flavor you get with this tea is green tea, not jasmine
It is an aquired taste.
did not like that every can of roast beef that we received was banged or dented.
I lovevtotal , I live in Maui Hawaii , it is hard to find, they run out fast so I ordered 3 boxes .
Not as flavorful as the Ritz peanut butter crackers.
Only two packets came. Product picture is misleading. Will update review after using tea.
I would not recommend. Some of the products were expired
I prefer bigger pieces in it like onion. A Bit powdery
Would be 5 stars if the package would have been unbroken and sealed.
I used to for Valentine's day cupcakes
Not quite the one I was looking for
Good value but every package of peanut were stale.
I received box dent !!
Taste a bit watery compared to pediasure
It is a six pack and two thirds of another six pack taped together to make 10
Arrived with box open. Bag was sealed.
nothing to write home about
Product is okay; nothing bad but nothing special.
Partially old. Not how I thought it should be.
Where are the pecans?? Had maybe three little pieces in a cookie, some only two.
I have used this product before but, for some reason, the ginger seems stringy this time around.
Meh.  Tasters Choice.
Too sweet and arrived broken
came quickly , larger than expected & advertised !
They tasted a little old.
The bag size was smaller than o thought
Item is too too salty. Will not buy again.
Decent, not great.  Would not give as a gift.  Kind Of bland.  Upset my stomach after eating two.
A lot smaller than we thought it would be.
Hav to be kept in freezer.  I had to throw a way some of them because they grew mold in fridge
I will pass on this product. I bought quite a few and they will be used in an emergency only.
Noodles broken. Not as fresh as expected.  Could be better
These cookies are delicious but the 6-pack was missing 1 box. Very disappointed.
Came in 4 separate shipments over 3 days. One carton was badly crushed.
One of the bottles is the same size is the rest of the bottles
These are not gummies as described. They are chewy ginger candies exactly like the other flavors.
Was ok, but way to expensive.
I do not like caramel flavor in my coffee but my wife loves the stuff.
"I bought it at a discount and, like they say, ""you get what  you pay for""."
Not as flavorful as a competitor .
We will use it .
it is to be a Christmas gift.
MUCH softer than the ones I have previously purchased in the can.
Tasted fine, but did not really strike me as spicy in the least.
Really thought it came with the guacamole bowl, even if only for decoration as this is a gift.
Not a lot of product in the package, especially for the price. What is there is quite yummy!
Gave me a headache after first try. Lasted all day. Very bitter though.
but still needs help. I put some cheddar in there and cheddar makes everything bedder.
Barley any peach flavor. Decent black tea. Not worth the price.
Chocolate was melted in the wrappers
i like this & it was just what i expected.....
Good and original taste. It is hard to believe how expensive this little bottle is.
Chocolate flakes off bars
They break if you try to use it as a tortilla for a burrito or wrap
if you like full-bodied coffee, try a stronger level.
One out of 3 potatoes ordered was a bit on the softer side and all beat up.
Gets stuck in your gums and makes your mouth smell like lawn clippings for the rest of the day
Good a little bit broken when delivered
flavor was not what I expected but it served its purpose
I wanted some to bake in the oven and got already baked.
I love these crackers however all of them were broken into small pieces.
This flavor is a little off and it gave me tummy troubles.  Gross
Expensive but tastes good
I liked them, but a lot of them were broken into little pieces.
Do Not like the taste at this time. Will try again in a couple of days.
A bit of an odd taste, but very filling.
Daughter loves it!
It was good but not wonderful
barely any buckwheat flavor.  also has a metallic flavor undertone.
The flavor is good; however, there is barely any peanuts which is very disappointing.
The meat is too dry, too woody, too hard...not tasty
I am accustomed to a Stronger flavor.
Surprised at the size of the pepper, had a hard time shaking it out.
This is a good pate only came couple  Damage:(
Wanted the German product Misleading information
they taste kind of processed and the filling to pastry ratio is not great
Box always gets crushed, and product is sometimes damaged, because it is always shipped in a bag.
The flavor was great but the popcorn was pretty stale so I could not really enjoy it like I wanted
Frequently out of stock and/or quantity is limited.
Stale due to packaging. Good flavor, though
About a quarter of the bag was broken and it was a sticky mess but my kids still liked them!
Pieces are so hard and super dried. Like too dry you cannot chew it at all...
This is a really average coffee. Kida expected more.
the cans arrived dented
"There are NOT the 2oz ""Big Grab"" size, but the standard ""Snack"" size 1oz bags."
Did not like the flavor. Not a real taste
I am going by looks they look old
package was opened and candies were out in shipping box
It has a funky taste that is not carmel my spouse likes it but not for me
The bag came half empty and the slices are tiny. On top of that, it does not taste like bread.
They have a different taste than brand name candy corn
These packages are tiny. I expected double for the price.
Really? Reviewing freakin candy canes? Enough already
It takes alot of color to get my royal icing to burgundy with this
I could see the truffle bits.. I could not taste them
This stuff is so full of artificial ingredients that I will not even try it. I am sending it back.
It was not very lemony-  I expected much more flavor.
Not very concentrated
Too salty for my taste.
Did not pop well, unfortunately...leaving lots of kernels.
Prefer the unrefined version...
It is ok, I added dry Italian seasoning & a bit of artificial sweetener.
They came all in one giant hunk of candy I have not opened it yet but the bag is flat...weird
Decent, but certainly not the tastiest Matcha.
I cannot drink it, upsets my stomache
I love dark roasted coffee, but this was too bitter and too acidic for my taste.
I did not like this product. It taste and smells fishy.
No different than the wheat spaghetti at my grocery.
Did not care for it. I thought the cheese sauce had a bitter taste to it.
6 of the tini ones you can buy at store for .99 cents
And there are some nutrients.
One of these cans came dented.
The drink is supposed to be white-mine arrived brown?
Dented cans as the Cranberry sauce cans were.
The so called 12 pack box contained only 11 bottles.
This was not seasoned j could not taste the flavors properly. Had to salt it
Can arrived dented. Shelf life is up to 25 years I doubt that applies to dented canned goods
They were suppose to be 6.25 ounces , yet they sent 5.29 oz.  A much smaller box of cookies !
It came in melted together. Will not order chocolates again in summer.
Very sugary and did not really notice the cookies and cream signature taste.
was not what I expected but I use it faithfully
I thought it was bigger and it is a mini watermelon
Pop tarts were all broke
they are not as flavorful as I though they would be.
The nuts were damp. I had to dry them in the oven at 250 F  for one hour.
Not bad but something is missing in the taste.
It has a distinct aroma and flavor.  Nothing wrong just not my cup of joe.
Did not meet my expectations.
Not too minty, wish it was though
Theses came melted
My dogs love them but they are too expensive
Expensive for such a tiny amount.  Flavor was okay.
Used it on a small-medium cake. Heavier than expected.
Several of the biscuits were broken. Product was quite dry and overly sweet.
Although it may still be usable, the product of  arrived with an expired date.
Too acidic for my taste.
Just received not used
They came melted I thought they going to put some ice packs or something
The product I received is not the product that was pictured.
will not order again
Not exactly what I was thinking of for cereal. It had a funny after taste.
looks good, but disappointing heat level
The flavor lasts a nano second and it gets tough quick.
I ordered these to donate to my local Food Bank.  They were very grateful.
Flavorful but dry, flacky and crumbling
i wanted it to be soft enough to where they melt in your mouth and these does not
If you like stronger coffee, you might like this.  We like a lighter blend.
Not what I thought
Will Not order again
I just wanted a change of drinks
I do not recommend this.
Really just chocolate infused with bacon flavor. I expected to get bacon covered in chocolate.
It is not so bad. But it is not for me, as it bond a lot to the tooth and it kind of crumble too.
they are a bit dry.
Not good tasting but seller OK
I only got the plain. It was pretty blah. Maybe the other flavors might be better.
Difficult to pour serving size without dribbling down the side. Coffee was good overall.
It was not as long lasting as I had thought you are would be
Not fresh at all - - kind of stale -
More expensive for the number of truffles.
Do not care for it.
Sorry just not the most flavorful or moist hummus I have had. Lebanese housewife would be ashamed.
Wish it had not been placed in my mailbox.  We have had temperature in the 100s everyda!
I thought this was real spaghetti. At least it is a bread fill.
can not be used to to color white chocolate
Not bad for the money, but not great.
Too expensive for to little substance, taste is ok but needs more gravy.
I love this product but the price is twice the cost of buying this locally :-(
Not fruity enough for my taste. I am use to Bon Maman.
Will not be ordering again. Basic candy with lackluster flavor.
I bought these for a gift and they said they were totally melted.
just did not like the taste of it and texture was mushy
The flavor is stronger than I anticipated, so I have to be careful on what I eat it with.
got exactly what i ordered but flavor does not last real long
Keep in mind the sizes are not the same as the American Kit-Kats!  Japanese kit-kats are smaller!
They were dry and old
Was told they would be hull-less.  Did not find it to be so.
Really good chips. The box of 5 that I got are popped hopefully they do not go stale...
Its okay, it is not great - my package was quite dry and crumbly
Items arrived and one had leaked all over box.
second purchase  not worth the price
Still taking it..... has not seen any noticeable difference yet.
MESSAGE was not listed in the advertisement
I recommend not buying this product on line, all the chocolates came melted
Only two 1.6 kg bags came. I asked for a refund.
Small package and high price. Saving for emergency use.
Tasty, but way too expensive compared to what I bought from super markets...
They had been affected by the heat.
This is a decent soup. Kind of bland but not too bad considering. I do wish it had more kick to it
Did not have much flavor unlike others I have tasted before and does not fill me up like other brands
The amount has gotten smaller and the price has gone up. Not worth the value
Not as flavorful as the ground coffee version.
The garlic & herb, i am going to,  is very strong. Next time I will only use half of the spice bag.
Bought for my rats.  They did not like it, I guess they are picky
Some arrived damaged and mis colored
These were a present, did not hear back if they were good or bad.
Can came dented. No packing in box.
Woop!  It is soup!
It was not what I expected.  I was not crazy about it and probably not buy it again
The flavor it was not sour enough
Taste normal but it is DRY girl. DRY DRY DRY!
Did not have the flavor, that I remember as a kid.
Product smashed in corner. Damaged.
I thought it would taste like Splenda powder this liquid has a different after taste
Needs either real shredded cheese or serious addition of garlic
Not bread flour, it is all purpose
A little too much like a decaf taste for me, but my wife seems to like it.
Did not care for the flavor
expensive but good quality.
the pieces are very small. It is more like cashew crumbs.
Flavor and texture are inferior to Mission.
I thought it was gross, threw it all away. I would have rather had black coffee.
Not enough white beans in relation to the soup.
Too much grape not enough stawberry.
There were no grape flavored taffy in it.
The chips are great but packaging sucks. The seals were broken on a bunch of the bags.
The bark was melted and white.  I guess it should not be ordered in the summer.
An overpriced food product.
Flavor is good, texture is weird....
Item is overpriced. I can buy these for $1.00 everywhere else.
Not fond if the taste at all
The saturation of orange color in this cheese is inversely proportional to its flavor content.
After I had started the bag I noticed it had been cut in the middle of the bag
The cost vs convenience was not equal.
It is ok but very overpriced. Was disappointed when the package arrived. The ham was too salty.
Very bready with thin filling.
They Change Colors yay - but there is not much taste
Little to no milk chocolate on the cherries 99% colored white chocolate
Has a horrid after taste. I Am trying to get used to it but I do not think it is going to happen.
Did not like the taste and the way it made me feel.
Ok flavor but way too expensive for what it is.
I love this sauce,  but I ordered the 3 large bottle package and only 2 made it,  1 was broken.
Order was for 3 cans.  I only received 2.  Please advise as to how to get this correct.
Expiration close to when purchased
Nothing against cashew butter just was not my taste
Either the packages were not sealed properly and something got inside or this is a burned item.
Expiring in March 2015. Too short shelf life
They tasted fine and were not stale. They are very thin and fragile. Many were broken.
Came in a box with an early expiration date. Got these for husbands lunches. Would not buy again.
I got rocks in the coffee beans. Dang it! Rocks ruin espresso making stuff. Rocks, rocks, rocks!
I have to use more than drops to sweeten I used teaspoon to sweeten. Not a good value for me.
Did not come with aump
Leaked in package
does not really taste like anything. Would not buy it again
Did not eat because package was opened
The product has an after taste. I will continue to use for now.
Liked bar but too expensive.  Bought just for snacking.
Tasted old like they had been sitting in a wharehouse too long.
yup, it is bread.
I was expecting a spicy type shrimp. No flavor at all
The box was a great value BUT the cheez its were stale!!
I like Twinings tea.  I did not receive a travel pouch with this order.
Way too many lemongrass and 0 suckers
Was not a really caviar
Too much ginger spice'-almost hot. Must be very diluted with water or only use half the packet.
Every peice was melted together.
Wish the sampler pack actually contained what was advertised.
This was just so so and find I do not use it
But forget the mug, use a bowl instead.
How does a glass bottle leak??
Tea container was damaged and open
I thought the leaves were bigger 
Came and all melted.
Lots of Gum, not like I remember it as a child. It was quite a bit of money.
Disappointed this powder taste mostly  just like normal powdered milk. Expected more tangy flavor.
Product tastes a bit old, not fresh and crisp like I had hoped.
The product needs to be told where it came from before you buy not after on the package
Too sweet and lemon favor is weak. Not recommoned
Just a little too much like Maxwell House.  I would recommend Italian Roast.
Not really a salt substitute as advertised, but tasty for certain applications.
We did not really care for the taste of these.
Save your money and just buy the white truffle oil
I felt the sauce weaker than that of the smaller package
I should have gotten the Brach's.
I received those melt
bought for a gift, not getting eaten. Lot of assorted foods. Will not buy again.
Really dry and flavorless
Tastes good but VERY EXPENSIVE!
Not liking the taste of this honey.
The pickles needed to store longer
I did not realize that this would be an artifical flavor.
I do not like the taste of these Cokes. They are not my cup of tea
Mom is the judge, 
Basic buttery cookies
not to bad so far need to drink a few more to tell
Would prefer cane sugar
What is the Big Deal about saffron?
Flavor was, off...
It could of been bigger for the price
These are really loaded with sugar.  Dulce de Leche flavor was slight.
Products flavor is too bitter
A little too chewy for my tastes, but they are all right.
I was not a fan of this brand of biscotti. I prefer Costco.
Very thin. Cheaply made but did the job.
I tried the highest intensity (black) but its Not the same intensity i expected.
Need lots of water!!!
Very tasty but will scratch the roof of your mouth after eating only a few!
My sons face lit up when he bit into these cookies. He is 47 and FaceTimed me to thank me!
Tiny tiny package, guess I did not read product descriptions well enough, relied on photo
All the items were smaller than expected. Almost micro size with exception of the paint brushes
Dislike.. Just not what I expected
This was not handed directly to the resident.  It was sitting outside my front porch.
There is barely any cocoa flavor compared to the full-size bars.
The item is already expired by a month.
It is not what I expected. When they say roots that is what it means. Expecting ground
effectively takes the color and flavor of the dish (beef, chicken, etc)
It is a lot smaller than it appears to be, that is my opinion anyway
they were melted when I received  them
Using the spoons with hot chocolate. However, 2 of the spoons were split in half. Could not use.
Second order was low quality - about 20% OF NUTS WERE OVER-ROASTED/BURNT.
Unopened but arrived crushed.
Not the flavor I hoped for. Probably will not buy again.
I do not know ... it tasted very salty . I expected a milder taste
The price, to expense for the amount of Coffee.
Expensive buying anything food wise from Amazon never do it again
Tastes fine, but not what I was expecting. Not as sharp as you would expect for a white cheddar.
An acquired taste.
there is no salt on the crackers.
too chewy almost like uncooked/ but taste burnt cookie dough ugggg
They are just not, no other flavor included
Woodman's has it for $7 per 12 cans.  If I would have known I never would have ordered online.
Wrote a review before
Out of 24 eggs I got 5 chickens.
Did not really like the pops as one tastes like Coconut which I do not like.  So not my favirite.
Looked like it had been cut long before selling
Moderately flavored caramel coffee k-cups
This is the picture of what my friend received. Does not look quite like what I ordered.
Variety was not as pictured or described.
Not even close to Hausfrauen art
Product is as expected
Cassava.  There is NO RETURN policy on this product.
Tastes just like brownies. I will just use brownie mix next time and save a lot of money
Too close to expiration date, not enough time to consume it .
Good ..but expensive
Taste was not what I thought it would be
Had to add extra cocoa for enough chocolate flavor
I guess I expected too much and did not think it was a great as I heard people say.  Sorry!
It is alright Eating.
It is somewhat bitter tasting to me. Think Starbucks, not Dunkin.
not really sure what I think of this black bean spaghetti, It sure has not turned me on.
Well, they are not anything like the picture. They are not perfect, but they are ok
Compared to other brands, this one was just ordinary. Flavor was not as rich as we hoped.
Very dry. Earthy tasting
Value for money.
I marinated wings in it for 2 h. It looked totally overcooked when airfry the wings for 10 min.
Not bad pretzels but too hard for my teeth.
Hard and dry  HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP
Flavor from color to color does not seem to change.  A little too sweet.
More bitter tasting than other freeze dried decaf coffees.
good but expensive
One bag was rotten upon opening. I had to open a second bag to check & see if it smelled the same.
I am missing 1 bottle and the plastic holding this case together was completely ripped off.
Just as good as any other brand and a little cheaper would definitely recommend this product
Not like being there and really did not expect it to be. On the bland side.
Maple flavor could be stronger
I done drink some of the coffees that were in it.
The water is good but the price is expensive, found it about half the price at a local store.
Very pretty but smaller than expected
It appears to have a different recipe.
Not very malty but a decent product.  i like that it came in a resealable jar.
They were the perfect color for the Nerf party but unfortunately 13 were broken when they arrived.
The taste is not what I expected
Not getting pumpkin from this at all.
i did not realize it has honey on them
Not as sour as Super Cola, and no fun texture. Very basic lemon candy.
just not liking this, will not order again
Tasty as expected but a bit on the slale side especially if not used immediately.
The wrappers are not sealed
Actually  weaker then I thought it would be.
It works for me!
Smaller than I expected, but all one would want at a time
I like the produce, but it arrived melted.  It is also overpriced.
Not bad, but not great.
I THINK it is a lot thinner than the last bottle i bought....
The jar was damaged and leaking.
As people have previously stated the silver is not really silver, more like a sparkly black.
I guess it may have worked if I use it
As expected, not much else to say.
Items were crammed into the box
Please do not charge my card it was a one time deal not a monthly deal
Not the powerhouse I was expecting
No complaints, will not buy again.
Tasted good, but very thin.
Date expires on march 26
Item is very flimsy it arrived torn in half
Meh. Would not buy again for $20 for 8 of them to be gone in a day
Abundance of minerals evident.  Lots of sulfur, so beware!  Buy pink salt if sulfur offends you!
It was not as big as i thought it would be
It is a little to strong and bitter for my taste
Yummy, but I am giving up on these after I started noticing a link between soy and my acne.
Seemed like a bad pop tart rip off more closely related to survival bars
These cookies are just not for me, I did not like them at all.
pretty weak, will not order again
I like the Chicken & Dumplings much more.
Keto replacement for croutons in salad. Replacement for snack rather than chips.
Product was nothing like the expected mix from New Orleans.  Cheaper but much too oily.
All of the flavors were good, except the clementine, which tasted like chicken broth. GAG.
Bag was opened before I had the chance to open it. Please refund me.
Keep getting items that are close to expiration. Kind of weird.
did not care for the flavor, never finished the bottle.
Cannot taste the orange.
I am not a ginger fanatic but it is good if you use half a bag n some lemon
Its ok.. switched to half and half
Like the product but wish Amazon would of replaced the damaged items
Had a seasonal cup in.there for the holidays.... It is May
Try the orange flavor. The donut flavor is just so-so.
It is not super seasoned. Meh.
I think my bag was old,my gluten smells rancid.
Air plant needs watering or it will dry up.
Several of the packets are empty
Good price, but came with several cans seriously dented or smashed. Poor packaging
Not all pods were accepted by my keurig machine.
Close to expired product received.
We did not care for the favor.
To my taste powder is gritty and did not meet my expectations of chocolate flavor
It was leaking once I opened the box
I orderwd a variety box of 3 flavors.  I got a case of all Sea Salt flavor.
Tasted too sweet/ too cherry . Kids did not even like it .
receive one 8 oz and two 11 oz..paid for 32 oz
I did not like my math. Thought it was 8.3oz, not .83 !!
Not bad, not great.
I received 3 flavors not 6 as advertised.
Meh, I expected more flavor from each of them. Not impressed.
Sometimes bruised, tiniest apples you will ever see!
"Did not like the ""lemon"" flavor."
Coffee is bitter
Needs more flavor very bland not enough chicken flavoring. we gave it away.
Tasty.  Would give it 5 stars if they used stevia instead of sugar.
I like the bread, but have never finished a loaf before it became moldy!
One pack was moldy
It is my fault for ordering it online.  It came with none of the chocolates in place.
I did not receive the Swedish fish as advertised along with purchasing these cookies.
5 of 50 cookies were completely smashed
Overall, meh. I buy it because it is convenient.
Included 6 Decaf cups.
Too dry , lacking whole slices, flavor to sour
Experimenting with plant based foods, tasty however too salty for me
A decent side dish but flavor was a little flat.
Does not blend very good at all, even using apowerful blender.  I was very disappointed.
It was the correct gummy bears but It cost almost 4x the reg price!
Has beef extract. See photo.
it is ok. mostly salt not rocks but had a lot of black chunks in it not sure why.  Looks dirty
"Three of the bags had expired ""use by"" dates when I received them."
I weighed the package. No it even close to the package weight.
Like it came pitted
instead of getting 2 bags i only received one bag.
Wanted OLD FASHION plain doughnuts
Some of the crackers had no filling
Pretty weak stuff.
The colors fade in direct sunlight
Sounded special but was just adequate and expensive
It is brown sugar?
These do not taste as well as some that I have bought before.  I would not buy again
Everything with the plant went well
Item was color I needed but for the price it was not very much
Snacks and mix in meals.
Not enough Brazil Nuts in this mixture
But I am not sure I could call this mild! I am going to have to tone it down before next time.
My daughter likes them in the toaster oven .
I am missing 2 Nutri Grain Bars but other than that it is a nice box
Still working on it
I tried a different brand and for me it did not work. I will stick with what I know going forward.
Mushy and bruised upon arrival...
Not much value for the price.
It ia alittle pricey for such lil amount but my family still enjoys it
Only use 6oz setting or it will be watered down.
Thought this was a 24 pack and it is just a -2 pack.
I was looking forward to this product and it was underwhelming. It was watery and had no flavor.
Bought 4 of these and 2 arrived with the seals opened.
Fell apart in your hand.
Moderate taste, some what gummy, have no desire to reorder Scottie Dogs..
All of the cheezits were crushed and in crumbles
This was not returnable but I wish it was as 5 of the 12 cans were dented.
It has a burnt taste.
Pretty small for price
I would rather buy them individually
Boba only and herb tea missing brown sugar and honey tea received an open package
I like the cup and straw. I have not tried the rest yet.
Leaked everywhere
Not what it used to be!
Berries were much more dried out than other brands
This seems to be a little old
I did not like that when you had to take it out of bag, I had to put it all on the string myself.
I do not like the taste
Candy was sticky on the outside of wrappers
Flavor was there but.. beyond sweet.  I put it in the trash. Sorry
I was really excited to try this with crackers, but it is very sour. Not for me.
Tasted fine, however they were hard and I was expecting soft cookies.  Company reimbursed me.
Somehow this candy ia not the same as before.
We made spaghetti n a meat loaf with it. Both times my husband and I got an upset stomach.
not bad, not great!
These taste about what you would expect for the price.
Has a chemical taste to them
Shape of gum was different this time than last.
THEY ARE NOT EVEN BITE SIZE. I WILL TRY THE BIG ONES.
A lot of white raisins. Nuts are all on top. Very little candied fruit.
God a rash on my face from the tea.
Good. Some batches come soft and taste stale. Others come a little harder.
Not what I was expecting. A little too sweet for my taste
Does not taste as expected
Every single can had a dent in it.  They appear to be factory rejects.
Every can in the box of 6 was dented.
Package came incomplete only came with 16
I guess I am just used to having just one brand
Stronger then expected.
The flavor is good but unfortunately they melt into a solid brick during shipping.
It contains nuts
This product contains cows' milk. Please be advised that this is Not vegan. Smh
It had an old taste maybe out of date?
Not as expected. Did not feel the corn was premium quality
The flavor is good, but for the cost, I am disappointed that it clumps and stays on the bottom.
Did not pop as big as I saw on facebook
To runny,  not much lemon taste.  It is not for me.
Way too expensive for only 1/3 of a bag filled. Not worth it
Flavorless and too costly for what you get per can
Very dry. Maybe healthier that way. haha. Probably would not purchase again.
this ginger is not spicy enough and I do not feel the tingling at all
The product was a good one.  One downside was...it is expensive.
Look burnt, taste burnt.
Vines were already drying and it looks like fungus is already growing in some of them.
The package arrived with the lid loose and th product was leaking.
Definitely an acquired taste
They all came meltef
Tastes like any other cola. Nothing worth noting.
Too many craisins. Not enough nuts Portion too small for the price.
Why did the price go up $8 in six months?
Did not care for the taste.
My two pack came smashed totally flattened and did not fluff up when package was opened
...Death Wish brand.
Product arrived separated and was inedible
I recently to travel to Poland I really like them but they were not very fresh
The flavor is a little too intense for my taste.
Too fishy/brine tasting for me...
Not a pure salt... it is a mix. I have had better Ghost Salt from other suppliers.
I buy the same things in a small box at a store these did not taste fresh
While extremely cute half arrived broken or damaged.
The honey I received was not the item I ordered.  Color and taste not the same.
Almond paste has good flavor, but it is a little hard and not easy to work with.
If you are looking for an alternative to Ocean Springs this is not it
"Beware these cans are ""pony "" size and not the 15 ounce as shown at time of purchase."
I found the taste overly vinegary and peppery.
It was expired date 11- 2019
Love karo syrup for my brittle.  But cost is ridiculous
This is a nice idea but unfortunately the nuts taste stale. Nice package and presentation.
I would not buy this again
Good leave but seems a little thin.
Requires extensive shaking but has only a fold top (no twist lid). Very messy.
More breading than actual chicken
Found this Gevalia to be a bit too bitter for my taste
I prefer Hills Bros English toffee cappuccino
I buy Bubly all time, but this flavor is a no for me
Not that fresh/so so quality
This product was a little too sweet.  If you  also add sugar per directions, it does not need it.
The bag was already cut open before the delivery box was even opened.
Nothing special about it. Low quality compared to other Planters.
4 ropes/bag - they do not taste as the same as the larger packaging you can find in markets.
Expiration date: May 31, 2020. Delivered: March 26, 2020.
Not as fresh as I had hoped.  Went bad fast.  Should have arrived sooner I think.
Just was not what I was expecting.
I like the 50th anniversary print on the outside but the candy is not a hard mint candy
Wish it was less sweet - like a fishy candy, bleh.
There was visable mold Why would the shopper select this
Weak I have to use two bags to get a full chai flavor.
The title and description says 20 oz bottles and I get 16.9 oz bottles what a rip off
Box was open and 1 milk was missing
There is no expiration date watch out
I guess I do not know how to cook frozen vegetables so they do not come out watery
Coating was soft
Good value but mediocre flavor.  Does not taste like peanuts.
Makes a great base for Scotch broth but too expensive.  Will make my own stock next time
Very good but oh so expensive for such a small package!  Do not think it is worth it.
Smaller portions than I expected
Good overall idea but poor design
Overall taste was just OK.  A lot of the nuts tasted stale to me.  Not sure I would order again.
I cannot put it in a shaker or a grinder.  I can only use it in liquid cooking.
Would not buy it again.
One of the bottles cap was split opened and product spilled.
not tpp good cannot taste vinegae and not much se salt to me rather tasteless
It is not like the peanut butter I buy at my farmers market, but my toddler snacks on it.
I enjoyed the texture and taste. However, this product is expensive, I AM GOING TO.
Will order again
Spicy but not tasty
A little bit to sweet for my taste
No flavor or heat. I think I have been had.
food gift box to students
I cannot taste it on my food
My last two orders have had a bag full of broken k-pods.
share with others.
These were just ok.The cost was high for such small bags.I would not buy them again.
Decorative but lacking flavor.
needs 10 packs to a package.
Still trying these out.
not crazy about these. there is  a lot of other flavors going beside just salt and pepper.
Came in no whole chips in any container
Not as flavorful as more expensive brands
Product is much smaller than it looked on the sales page.
Was expecting a much smokier flavor from the European spice.
Still good just to expensive and wish they came in the sticks.
Sorry to say, was not too crispy as normal.  Also some broken and mostly chocolate drops off.
Not much taste. Will Not buy again.
The individual bags are less than one-half ounce. Only about 2 handsfull.
I use syrup for coffee, almost always 16oz cup. It takes one of these bottles for a cup.
Disappointing...flavors did not match what was pictured.
Does not have ex date or even packed date
Not overly sugary
The chips were ok, a little stale though. They were about one month out from their expiration date.
The ho plate tasted strange. Not at all like a regular Heraheys kiss.
made my chili with it and it did not taste anything like the chili-o mix i used to use.
Stronger than I thought it would be.
Well, my five year old took one bite and have the chocolate cookie back...
Tricky packaging... thought this was regular Perrier... the apple tastes strange to me...
Very bitter, I knew it would not be sweet, but did not expect such bitterness.
Did Not care for them
Does not taste like creamsicle
It was decent, but nothing world-shaking.  For the money, I would buy twice as much other sausage.
It has a fishy smell and taste which can be a problem.
The taste was tart and now stuck!
They taste different than I remembered.
Not really any flavor.  Just alot of sweetness.
Good grapes but too expensive!
This is substantially more expensive than other, better licorices.
Be careful when you open this. The kid was not secured and it went all over my kitchen floor.
Real thick candy coating. Not like the original Jordan  Almonds think coat.
I thought they melt into the tea
I dislike the fact they were not individually wrapped!
WISH IT DID NOT HAVE SUGAR
Expensive for what it is and leaves a mild aftertaste.  I do not foresee reordering this again.
More expensive per can than sheetz
A tad too dark and strong than other Pique tea. Does not fully dissolve in room temperature water.
The flavors were off.  Not what I am used to purchasing.  More expensive as well
Mostly all the cookies were broken well at least the ones we open so far! So the quality was poor.
The product is hard, not at all fresh.
All three boxes came smashed!!!!
Smaller than what I buy in the store
Yup... it is cheese
Waiting for it to ripen... no Mark's on it!!!
Not as expected.
Some of the packages bursted open and expires soon.
The package arrived with 9 pieces, not 10-12 as in description.
Was for a school wish list
Please no substitutions! I want lemon flavor or skip it.
I like mentos however next time I will purchase at sams club
I wish I had known that it contained crunchy mustard seeds
Thought it was the normal size pack. It is the very small packs
4 of 12 blocks of coffee received were not vacuum-packed.
Just not what I expected
Too creamy.  Much, much, much cheaper at the local Trader Joes. $1.99.
These seemed a little harder than the ones I buy at the store, as if they might be old.
Not as big a fan, but I do not a beer drinker either
thought I was getting two jars instead I received one jar, stop deceiving the people
Spoiled before the expiration date
Not bad only take long to deliver
Received a different brand than the one shown in the picture, tasted the same though.
Very tasty.  Could be hotter.  Will not go a long way.
its priced high for the small amount
These stated that they are salted. But, there is no taste of salt on these at all.
I like potato bread brings out the taste
Not what I expected
all of them were clearly not stored/shipped well. the candy coatings were all bloomed.
I take out two stars for the added sugar, fools.
Taste like a necco wafer and many broken ears, but packaged well and what I expected.  8oz
These are leaves that you bowl not tea bags
Its great if used for a base in stir-fry. No need to add salt -- IT HAS A MEGATON of SODIUM!!
Did not quite work for me. I drank it a couple of times but it did not do anything.
Good candy, but not worth what it cost for a small bag.
Bagel crisps arrived in an apparently flattened bag  bag, with a powdery consistency.
Not very tasty to me. But I will not throw away. Will try after I have been sugar deprived for a while
Sorry, I do not really like them.  It would be my least favorite.
It was just okay not a great pound cake.
It was not as lavender tasting as expected.
These started to mold 1 day after I got them home.
The box was in bad shape but the individual packages seem okay.
Tasty, kind of expensive...
The flavor is not what I was expecting but I guess that is what happens when you go healthier.
Just a bit  salty
Very misleading.  I only received 3 sets. Not 6.  Does not match the picture count.
Did not like the taste at all
I was excited to try Mexican candy but am that came in my bag was suckers and gum. No chocolate.
This product came with so many broken crackers that it was not like buying them in the store.
"But needs a stronger ""hint"" of the flavor."
Looking consistency just like vanilla ice cream. But it just did not have the taste.
Expensive, but healthy.
We personally did not like the flavor or texture as much as the more expensive choice.
Came in package of 3 but one can was badly dented.  I paid for 3 and only able to use 2.
Better than Folgers but not nearly as good as the Nestles Mountain Blend that was discontinued.
Very pretty! Also very delicate, it broke when I was placing on my daughters cake such a bummer.
Not a whole lot of taste/richness
This was less sugar than I was expecting. 4 oz is barely enough for rolling one batch of cookies.
The designs were very cute however a lot came broken as indicated in other reviews
I was hoping it was a lot bigger. I do not know the circumference, but it is smaller than a baseball.
The flavor was good, cookies were quite dry though and a few arrived broken.
BBQ Sauce Honey with no honey listed in the ingredients
Package arrived early. Very strange taste.
To each their own....butwe did not like them at all
There was only enough supplies to decorate half of the house.
Convienient, but not exciting after the first bite. It will do in pinch.
Arrived alive and healthy but not at all like the picture. Very green with a little red.
The taste is not smooth but very acidic.
lid was partially open/damaged when I opened it.
No comment at this time
Love the product. Do not love that I received it without the pump in the picture :-/
I purchased the product for my son. He ate it 3 time and that was it. I had to trash the rest.
Product works as it says I would recommend somebody else keep trying it
This tea is advertised as Ceylon. However, it does not taste or look like a Ceylon tea!
This is not butter flavored
Selection was not really very good. I wish there was better for the price.
Not very flavorful probably will not get again.
I like the hand held mixer
Flavors are not to my liking, actually not enough flavor
It is ok...a little bland, even with an extra scoop. Nothing like the store/cafe bought kind
I did not like all the flavors. If I reorder it will be blueberry, fig.
They are just ok. Tastes a bit stale. Not enough marzipan.
I do not like the tea bags in lemon and ginger.
There were only 3 flavors in the bag, not 6 like the packaging and description say there should be.
I was dissapointed
This brand tastes like a handful of vitamins
I like the low carbs.  I even like the taste.  But - the texture just is not right.
The consistency reminded me of scrapple. The flavor was tasty but did not taste like maple sausage.
Taste is ok..however smells like one's house is on fire when it is in the air fryer.
The price increase in the last several months
They looked so good, but 3 days later they had already gone bad!
Not very tasty compared to Hellmans but much healthier.
The salad has a lot of colorful dried fruit, but the flavor is rather bland.
Some of the suckers were soft and discolored.
It is not as caramel tasting as I had hoped.
Not enough licorice.
great product. too much packaging. my bad!
My customers like a treat while shopping.
There is like 6 pieces inside.
Really fake looking but for the price not bad.
Flavor okay but product seemed stale or dry instead of flaky.
good coffee but it seems a little bitter maybe it is old or roasted to long.  I like mellow coffee
My kids did not enjoy the taste. Not the same as the one you buy at the store.
It was ok. Texture a little strange. It is filling. Had it with coffee and was not hungry for hours.
cannot get by the after taste of stevia. Maybe it is just me?
Ok..I cannot really taste the bacon..tiny chip pieces give little crunch
They do the trick
Tastes great, but is really bad for you.
Generally good but some of the shells are very hard and some stale.
Price is a bit high compared to what you pay at Jenny Craig Center.
Really good vanilla ice cream, but there was zero cookie dough inside mine :(
Been in the warehouse too long not fresh, and over priced
I do not see how people could eat it. I cannot tolerate the taste.
I do not know ..this does not help my back pain
These cookies just tasted alright to me, I do not particularly like them too much!
My kids would not eat them and said they tasted weird.  They tasted fine to me though.
Not as flavored as I like...good cup of coffee but will not buy again.
Noodles slithery
Arrived on time. But I do not know why it tastes really different.
Not much flavor, do not really like the texture either.
This is not bad coffee just not great  for my taste .  Probably will not buy again .
Was looking for a avocado taste which was not there
Product was too brittle for shipping and use.
A  robust cup of coffee if this is what you are looking for.
I use them occasionally.
I thought I was purchasing an espresso coffee pod but it was an off brand. Not Nespresso
Pretty bland dark chocolate. Nothing offensive- just undistinguished.
i really like spicy food, and i did not really find this spicy at all.
just to show the label
Fresh but not worth the price
Some might like it.  I will buy mine at local stores.
Only place I could find them and they were a gift for V day. But pricey for what it is.
Should have gone to the store. This candy expires in a month and the chocolate is melted.
Not the same as what I have gotten in the store. This bag tastes old.
Addictive - very tasty
This size will last a looooing time.  I like the product.  Use it for cooking and smoothies.
It is fun when it works. Got a couple broken ones with my order.
I would buy again
Has items like air heads, oreos, and Welch's fruit snacks.
Iwas supposed to receive two of these.  I only got one...
I think it lacks depth of flavor....will not order again.
This was an Easter gift for my son and family
Has a funky after taste
Very chi-lie tasting not much watermelon
Had a few with no candy cane in the plastic, and they kinds taste funny.
Much less sweet than other organic pure stevia products I have tried.
Overall the nuts were fresh and the packaging nice.. not worth the money.. small package
The chips being sent are almost expired....disappointing
Flavor of Postum not as expected.  Did not taste the same as original Postum
Not a bag, a banged up plastic container, and for some reason they are all greasy.
Very overcooked crackers. Not like a regular Ritz.
A little on the sweet side, I was hoping for a savory bite.
the weight may be an issue as a cake topper
not a strong butter taste to me but all our taste buds are different. I like jolly time better
Product looks and spreads like Nutella but is bitter.  Will not purchase again.
Product was as described but one of the bottles leaked and it was a bit messy to clean up
I prefer to get the can which is 100 per cent pistachios.
Did not know dried fruit cost to much
After my lip balm set there is no scent or flavor
Great, thick texture. Very smokey, and peppery. Found this to taste better on chicken than beef.
That they are wasabi. I ordered be mistake
It is too much chocolate. It is a lot for one person. Once it cools, it is dry.
Dissatisfied with taste.
Vanilla tastes off to me
Surprisingly low in fruit
The cookies had a funny taste as if they were stale or old.
A LOT carrots, not so much of the other veggies...
Was Not.as.tasty.as.i.thought.it.would.be
Was not expecting this many small pieces!
Some of the candy seems that i is old.
Not my cup of tea...
I was not impressed. The nuts are not crunchy. Too soft. Way too many raisins.
Caramel was used up, white chocolate no so much and hardly anybody used the dark chocolate.
My dogs like it over their dry food
I received the  bottle grass broke
My box only had 30 snacks  in the box
Does nothing for me.
These have a lot of sugar in them.
Cookies tasted great, but they were all broken. That was disappointing.
Low sweetening power. Taste not to my liking.
They are okay but they have a weird after taste which is like old leather.
Had to see what all the high reviews were about. Just tastes average to me.
It was a gift. But appeared to have melted alittle at one point.
Very salty for my taste and I actually like salty foods.
Not a fan of molasses.  I am not one to make a comment on this.
I feel like it had zero spice and just felt like oily garlic
Did not like the taste at all. The consistency is like water no taste at all.
These were really cute, but at least half of them were broken.
Taste and price is a no go.
Pretty. But only received 10. :/
Realized one of the packages was empty. Full of air only.
Wish it only was juice and water.
This new brand makes a smaller cup.
Would not purchase again.
I have not tried the matcha yet, but the tea powder was all over when I opened the bag.
Containers were busted open ruining the sugar packets and leaving me with less product to use.
For some reason, I thought the product was sausage PATTIES.  Instead it is mush
I only received one 7oz pouch.  Advertised as 6 pouches.  Order was 5 pouches short.
They are very good but I only received 5 bags inside the package very disappointed
Be careful when using. It is high in sodium.
I am not a fan of them
The coffee is to bitter for me.
No the same as a child
cost a little high
Way to over priced just because it is a TikTok trend,smh
Maybe just me, but totally did not like the flavor Or lack of
This is a three pack.
They were open when I got them
A bit salty for my taste
This is just what it says , a ginger drink, taste better with cold water and not hot
"Not the same ""cane sugar"" taste as before."
Mother prefers another brand.
As for a collectable the product was creased along the front and crushed on the corners.
For the price and compared to competitors. This hits the spot
They came in broken into small pieces.  Better packing for shipment is needed.
Taste was ok, but not an espresso, too weak.  I drank it as regular coffee.
I like the sugar shells but there was no coloring
The product was not fresh, tasted funny.
Processed flavor
Candy had been partly melted.
Ok...ish. the apple is the worst thing I have ever put in my mouth. The rest are great!
Just is too strong an alfalfa taste even though it is made with kale. Hard to eat.
Oil Everywhere - Packages are pre ripped and some leak on all the others
It did not help relive gout like tart blac cherry!
These were just aveage
Tasty but tinier than I expected. This is a serving for one person.
The flavor is ok, not sure if it is purchase it again, because it has a weird aftertaste.
This is okay but definitely lacking in that creamy richness real dark chocolate has.
Portions were not what I thought. Definitely not something I would buy again
Was not a fan of the flavor.
Price is high. It must be the raisins but taste is really sour.
I do not know if I will purchase this bread again
Large blocks. It was delivered fast. Flavor is not consistent.
Flavor is nothing like a BBQ sauce but might go well with fish
Thought I wss getting chocolate and its hazelnut. Not at all what I like
Small bag for large price.
The picture makes you think you are getting multiple dishes but it is only one
Not very dark roast
Hole in corner of box salt every where.had to have been packed that way.
Memorial Day is a day to remember those who died in service for our freedom
It tasted awful. To be fair, I have never found a coconut water I liked.
This Himalayan Pink salt is more white than pink. Not sure why...
Flavor is not that great.  Tastes very artificial.
The cheese powder clumped and did not melt.
Not bad taste but i think it leaves a funny taste in my mouth son says i am crazy
The cacao water tasted okay, but you had to get past a strange stinky smell to drink it.
Satisfactory purchase but was a little sweet for my taste
It is not movie theater butter.
and the licorice is flavorless. Some people might like it, I reckon.
Good size for small kids but quite a few broken pieces as many other buyers suggested.
Almost all black, very few reds or greens. The flavor is ok but will try another brand next time.
I was not impressed with this flavor.  Glad I gave it a try but I would not buy it again
I can only say that it is not something I would buy. It tasted almost like dirt.
Slightly better than gravy made with extra salty gravy base, but not much.
They are not as soft and melting as others i have had.
Gum packages came open when candy released from normal heights for pinata
that taste is not bacon
Wanted to use for a cake. Much dryer than expected. No flavor..
Product description on Amazon stated the candy was sweetened with stevia extract. It is not!
I love this brand soda water but one of the three I received was not all the way full and flat :(
It all tastes the same except for the chocolate.
Was not as flavorful as I had hoped
They tasted too sweet to me. Very few of them in the box. Definitely not worth the cost.
After all the hype from Shark Tank, this jerky was so - so.  Not impressed.  Have had better jerky.
Item arrived with broken cap. I use for pancakes and this is nothing special. Overpriced.
Everything that we needed
The biscuits in on e of the packages had lost their crispyness
Lots of gravy not much beef
Was not what I need .
Did not like the flavor
needs to last longer
I tried the flavors but not very Palatable and left and after taste.
The coffee is very week and not much flavor
Not as much as I thought would not buy if you are looking for lots of snacks such as chips and stuff
Just not for us...
it food not come in container as shown. it came with a yellow front
The honey makes it too sweat i am going to.
My taste buds have changed since I used to buy these. They will work for a dry mouth though.
too powerdery can induce coughing
Tastes like crushed up Flintstones vitamins. I am going back to energy drinks.
foil was peeling off when it arrived
I have gotten this brand of pretzels for years. My question is?  WHERE IS THE SALT!!!!!
I ordered 4 containers and only received 3.
There is some hull and other seeds mixed in. Hard to clean and takes double the time to cook.
This ice cream has a grainy texture
Good but too expensive.
Tried it and not to my liking, now I have a couple of boxes I will not use.
Too soft and mushy. No flavor
Very average. Taste is middling. Down to Earth or Whole Foods has better.
too much money for a watered down drink
Product unusable.  Came frozen.  No refund either and it was not our fault.
I really do not care for it, but that is just me.
It is Chia, but nothing spicy about it.
Small package,  high price
IT DOAS NOT SEEM TO HAVE A LOT OF FLAVOR
packages were smaller than I expected
Smaller than expected.
Good taste but very thin.
It is not as tasty as I had hoped.
Salty. Can barely taste any seasoning.
Did not like how it was not smooth but real clumpy .
Not one I will be purchasing again.  Just lacks flavor and boldness.
Was a weaker coffee than I anticipated.
Misleading advertising - it only one coin
Not much of a taste to them
I like it, but personally it has a little too much fennel in it for my tastes.
Super small to my idea of this was a little bigger
too sweet and because I live in Florida probably not a good thing to ship. Somewhat melted
the package box to soft and must of them came busted around 10 of them big mess
Not as expected.
Not really that good....like grass fed beef
It tastes like tart cherries.
The product had leaked when I got it, even though it was still sealed
Cream taste similar but cookie part is dry
I love rhubarb this had little rhubarb tang!!!
Flavor is ok but too expensive.
Most of these biscuits were actually broken. Still tasty though
Love the chips but they came all broken up. Not like they are in the store.
I use this on no-bake protein balls. I would not use for other things as it is a bit on the dry side.
Much harder than preferred.
Family loves these afraid of too much sugar in them. Not bad for occasional treat.
I wish the tea was in larger pieces but I have a half jar  of extra fine tea leaves
Too soon to draw definitive conclusion, though I will continue using it.
The bars were melted inside the packaging
always arrived crushed.
jury is still out. wine is not done yet
The products were leaking within the box.
Needs unsweetened ones especially for diabetic people.
After taste with the bbq flavor that is off
Too expensive and still need to add several more ingredients!
The coffee was so vacuum, sealed that it would shut my Keurig coffee maker down.
Too chewy for me.
Skittles are one of absolute favorites, but these are hard, indicating that they are probably old.
BRING BACK THE  K-CUPS ON THIS TEA!!!!
It had a rotted spot at the end of it about an inch in circumference.
As I expected a bit too salty for me
Sauce is kind of thin
Rest of the flavors are nothing to write home about
If I could go to multiple stores I could have spent less for more
Too woodsy fr my taste
I love this for nachos but $6 is ridiculous.
got what I expected
It came broken..but I glued it back
No taste I use two tea bags.
It is too sugary
DID NOT WORK WITH THE VUE MACHINE. THE TOP IS TOO THICK, CAUSES THE THE MACHINE NOT TO START.
Middle of the road quality
I used it for my morning English Muffin.
I have had Tetley, Lipton, and Bigelow decaf tea.  I like them in that order.
Unbearably salty. The fried part of the eggplant had no crispness remaining
Can came damaged with espresso spilling out
It does the job, I thought it would have a stronger flavor and/or smell.
They tasted like they should but they were all covered with little white spots.
The flavor of this gum is good for maybe 5 minutes. Then, it just becomes tasteless.
Flavor was not hot. Candy was kind of hard. Tasted old
I have not used it enough to really rate it.
Tasted a bit too chemical after taste
They were all right, not the best but not the worst.
Not sturdy enough to hold suits and coats.
Not very 'lemony'
The product was supposed to be new I believe, but it was missing the seal under the cap
fresh but taste is weak
Some  of it taste like crap, while other parts are good. You never know what to expect in life!!!
I just found this at a local Walgreens for $1.98. Paid nearly $6 for one which is 3x the price.
Couple smashed tomatoes rotting on the others.
Good for a quick bite Small and you need at least 2 to satisfy making it a bit expensive
Wanted a large one piece, came in three small pieces.
the dark chocolate is a little too bitter for my taste great value.
short 2 cans..other cans dented.
Little oily for me but decent value for jerky sticks
I do not like the Stevia
Product tasted like chemicals
Truffles arrived slightly crushed
Good taste but the jar leaks and makes it unpleasant to open :/
This did not have the level of spice I was looking for.
Not much flavor. Thin/weak.
Just enough salt
Not a huge fan.  But they are not bad.
does the trick,but have to be careful because of the sugar.
I disliked lack of flavor and portion size was tiny. Price is way to high for this product
Not puffed enough
Just get the regular yogurt. This stuff is nasty. Only good for putting up wallpaper.
Good alternative snack but very expensive.
Nice but packaged poorly. The stick was broken when I received the package.
have to use 2 to taste the chocolate.. i use two on setting small up. other than that, love it
Wish I could have bought just one or two tins but now I have extras!
The pork chops are very salty. Did not enjoy!
Half were popped open
Nothing like what you want when you order them from your local restaurant.
Broke with ease while inserting into cake.
Misleading since it is only 4.5lbs
This is flour, it expires in two months.  I wish I would have received a fresher product.
But last order had two damaged leaking cans...
QA/QC lacking.  Couple of bags in the shipment were not fully sealed so they were discarded.
We have opened several cans and chips are broken up will update if gets better
The shortbread is very hard the raspberry center is good.
Fresh but some where crushed up.
This was much thinner than expect I was looking for a honey texture this is more like thin syrup
This batch apparently is dryer then Inhad before.
My honeybuns we are smooshed
It was very blah and not worth the money.
You have to use alot to actually smell the scent which the bottle is so little you will use it all.
The taste is not great. It is very earthy
It is ok but expensive and tastes like nuts.
Mine is a vanilla ice cream, with no cookies in the middle area at all.
So so flavor. Will not purchase again.
They do not really taste fresh like the ones I buy in the store.
The coffee bag came with the package opened and was flattened like a pancake.
It seemed old. The seasoning was clumped together
Just not for me as far as taste.
Almost entirely flavorless.
Not what i expected, but they got me a refund immediately.
Way over priced for only 3, 5oz bags
I bought two different flavors. One came sealed. This one came open and was missing a bar.
My goal is to eat only organic - but wonder why the big price difference?
Would not buy again!
Arrived busted open all over inside box 
If give 5 stars if the products I received was not old.
The downfall was that there were a lot of crushed cookies particularly the Oreo's major turnoff.
I purchased two boxes and none of them had the apple flavor gummy that they advertise.
Package said steel cut texture. Deceptive advertising.
They are firebslls
1 jar made it 1 jar busted would like a replacement please
One bottle leaked half it is contents thru inner and outer boxes.
should pack in equal amounts
Hard to cook with, but it is a nice break from other substitutes
Be careful of the bones
They do not taste like coconut!!
I am not a fan of the chocolate and coconut combo.
Very runny and not as flavorful as other orders. Jar leaked  as well.
I do not like the bottle ad the extra tip, it makes it leak.
It does not have any expiration date.
This is misleading- it say 70 count I only got 1 bag it says 35 rolls in each bag
The items below this one are not mine!
This was not as goodvasbthe
It made my period irregular why? I have been spotting for 3 weeks now and I have no clue as to why.
It is tasty but a bit too salty.
yeah do not waste your time on this one, could not even finish the bag
Not exactly what I expected, they are far from jumbo, will not purchase again.
Good flavor but expensive
has an after taste
expensive, not valuable, you can get more with same price from a Japanese supermarket.
Not as tasty as I would have preferred.
do not care for the taste its like super sour chemical!
Nice colors.  Thin lettering
It is pickle juice but not the flavor i was expecting
There were like 10 cashews in the entire bag.
The flavor is not what I expected but it is a.good.product
The box where the items where it was delivered was open, so obviously some of the chips were gone.
Was a lot smaller than I thought.
Product was sour not sweet. Mostly air.
The taste was very good; the condition of the cookies was REALLY BAD, all were crushed and broken.
Could barely taste the pumpkin flavor.
came compleatly melted
Off brand sixlets. Does not tastes the same. Probably should only be used a a cake decoration.
Not as flavorful as I would have hoped.
Un my opinion disappointing taste.  Had better.
The canister was only half way full. The product works as needed and it was completely sealed.
Clumped together like it had melted and been reformed. Discolored/old chocolate pieces.
It is Ok not a bad value but not a great value. Average.
The price and the complications with my delivery
They were a little dry, crunch, & bitter. I love golden berries but would not buy this brand again
The tasted a bit old.
Did not like the flavor like that
What I expected.
they are vanilla beans I do not know a lot about but they seem alright
Got what I expected when ordering.
It did not say in the description. Contains eggs and oil. I assumed it was vegan.
Many of the bottles arrived broken and empty
No taste, no smell and dry
I did not think these noodles had any flavor at all. They are very slimy, which is not appealing.
Parsley as # 1 ingredient cheep cheep. I buy other brand next timr
received apple and the package was all mashed up pies weregood what was left of them
Soft, not crunchy. Was not as flavorful as expected. Would not personally buy again.
I would like to know Country of origin,,,
Crunchy and basic flavor but pricey
These are good, just way too expensive.
arrived soft and fresh. The flavor was ok, but had an aftertaste which I found unpleasant
Did not do the BAM for me!
Saltiest food I have ever tasted in my life.
I did not really notice the flavoring of the butterscotch with his coffee.
Nothing great nothing bad just alright.
I did not care for the flavored coffees that were included.
Most were broken.  There might be a shipping concern.
Dates are tasty although a bit dry.
So long to come and it is one tiny package!
The taste is not what i expected.
The add was wrong and only received one of three.  The honey was fine.
The girlfriend said it was a little too gritty.
Will not buy again. I have to triple the amount to get sweetness desired. Going back to Splenda.
The rice can be a little dry, but it is easily stored at room temperature for when we need it.
Not very red....
The nits were melted when they arrived. It ended up a big cluster that we had to chop pieces off.
Sodium per can is 810mg, not 720mg as shown in the photo.
Their only downfall is the flavor is kind of weak---not bad, just kind of weak...
Box much smaller than expected
Generous serving size - eat in one setting as they are not resealable
Was not enough flavor for me.
Not low carb enough for a decent portion size unfortunately.  It is tasty though.
I am looking for products whose petals will not change color after being soaked.
The assortment shipped was NOT what is listed
did not receive Yummy brand as advertised
I bought this rice for my parents!
So my mother received these but a bag only had 3 flavors in it. What the heck.
Looking for something to eat my cannabis oil with. Taste's cardboardish
not as much flavor as I expected.
I was hoping for a cheaper alternative to Vadham Citrus Ginger.  Nope.
Tastes good but way too expensive for the small amount you get.
was not very stong for me. Needed a little more
Pay attention to the size details. Super small bag for the price
Taste ant as flavourful as I remember as a younger person from Next door Binghamton NY
Not as expected.
Not a favorite for my gluten free little ones. I thought they tasted fine, but the kids disagreed.
Worked as explained
Chocolate did not appear fresh--white looking.
It only came with 23 bags. Missing 5 bags
I received these and I open some and there small and they were all not shaped right
Simply not what we were looking for.
Like the product, but somewhat stale. Good value for money spent.
Leaves some sediment on coffee cup.
Not nearly as flavorful  as I thought it would be!
The lid was completely off of 1 jar, and the lids of all 5 remaining jars were only hand tight !!
but very dry - this stuff definitely has to be soaked in a sauce of some sort to be eaten at all
They are salty, but, everyone in my household likes to eat them.
It was yellow and wilted 
This honey taste like plastic.
It is not my thought.
Definitely tastes like frozen potatoes. Not bad, but not great.
This product is exactly what I expected.
thicker than I like
On the spicy side
Did not care for the flavor. Seemed garlicky
However I am not big on the taste, crunchy though...
You will need to double the recommended serving to taste anything
The box of bars was open on the bottom! Not sure how this happened.....The product of is fine.
tiny bags  - not very flavorful
"Had a little too much ""bite"" for my taste"
These were o.k. but I had to add sugar not sweet enough without it.
It is a lot a smaller than I expected.
Used for tea and spreads
Just... Mediocre coffee The pods looks nice though
Not a great value. I misread how many were in the box. I will not buy again
Seems to thin to be pure maple syrup, and the flavor is really light as well. Will not buy it again.
The bag also does not seal close at all.
Not as hot as expected.
The taste is different. Could not tell if it worked.
I wanted it in big size but it was in its half size
I did not care for the product and will not order it again.
Not original k-cups so the machine did not like them. Left lots of coffee grinds in cup.
Small portions. Fit in a shoe box. Kids finished in 2 days.
Still a little bit too sweet. Has the texture of soft chew candy.
Not much flavor. Just crunchy sugar.
Not as good a other brands, but only one that came in small bags.
Found bigger containers for half the price
There is something about the taste that I did not like. Tried couple of times.
The popped corn tastes OK but the individual pieces are extremely small
Mostly bread.  Very dry, salty. Needs mayo or other condiment packets added. Would not buy again.
All candies were melted together in one blob of candy
I feel like these tasted like chemicals, not candy.
Syrup is way too sweet and thick.
Do not believe all the fuss, this thing do not work is not even stronger than a 5 hours energy
The package of cookies was SO tiny. Not worth the price.
Too chewy for my taste.  Even after having been left under the broiler for additional time.
Product arrived fast, but it tastes like flavored water. Not a big fan.
"misleading title!  these are jerky SEASONINGS, NOT ""Spicy Jerky Variety Pack""!"
Did not care for the taste
This marinade is OK but not great.  It is weak in flavor but would probably be a good base.
there no casing with this .
I reckon that I have grown accustomed to thee domestic chocolate as these did not suit my taste.
Not as savory as I thought.
Expensive but glad organic and non gmo and sugar free. Disappointed jar broke during delivery
Good but expensive
These Rainbow Cookies are pretty good. They are tasty but very expensive.
It was melted when I received it.
Kids like it. But it came with the juice spilled all over
It was ok, just not great
Tasted dry and old, as if they would been frozen for a few months.
Not a huge fan of the flavor. It is a little salty for my taste. The chili flavor is so much better.
These taste absolutely horrible...at first. After I got use to the after taste they were not as bad.
Like other teas from this company, including white one.  This one is not bad, but kind of weak.
I have purchased Gummy Worms before, but these are very had to chew seem to be dried out.
Just basic low grade seasoning put together.  Pick because of name brand.
Some of the cookies were dry and some were in pieces
Next time maybe use a fragile label . My cookies arrived destroyed . May as well be cereal
Fast shipping but when I tasted the first one the wafer on the bottom was stale.
Metallic tasting, will not buy again.
Cute, but pretty bland.  I will make from scratch in the future.  Extremely overpriced.
Everything in this bag has a bubble gum flavor.  Very strange!
This cinnamon oatmeal does not have the taste like others do
Mixed with crushed pinapple as salad
Have not used it enough yet.
Came in Christmas wrappers, so were just in date.
the cheddar popcorn is not very cheddar.  This used to have at least twice as much cheddar coating
It was dry and kind of hard. Flavor was bla too. Will not buy again
Smaller than the normal size
Less than stellar job by Amazon shipping.
I WILL STICK WITH STARBUCKS!
Rip Off, Aldis charges 4.99 for 14oz
They taste old...
definitely has the artificial coconut taste.. still good in my coffee though
Carmel has no Carmel flavor!!! The other two are ok but not great!
K cups did not brew properly. Brewing was interrupted with about half of them.
No sour cherry gumballs in it
I received only five cookie boxes in the package; this is advertised as a pack of six.
Arrived on time and as discribed
flavors not as pronounced as i thought they would be...
Did not like the taste of these
They tasted  old not fresh
My written review is in the headline.
these are so slimy but if you are looking to cut out gluten or anything like that it works.
not the expected taste
DOES NOT DO A THING TO HELP WITH A1C
It could have been fresha
I will eat them but they smell and taste like over ripe bananas.
Little less stuffed it is been better
Hot: yes jaw breaker hard: nope
Love this chocolate - have purchased before. Unfortunately this package had miscolored pieces.
The flavor is pretty weak, rather like adding 1/8 of a lime slice.
Not recommended by Adkins diet.
I have had better, I have had worse. It is a 3 star spice.
Almost as good as orange Julius but maybe I used the wrong orange juice,
The product itself is definitely a substitute but just not for me.
just seem flat, the aftertaste to me is not best but would be just fine if it had more carbonation,
Pickles to mushy
Products looked old and not fresh at all. In addition items were all stuck together and melted.
Pretty cool but made my stomachs hurt REALLY bad :/
Smokier than I prefer but a solid 7.5/10
Too broken, there are many impurities, it is difficult to clean
Like the title waaaay smaller than the picture makes it seem, barely half a meal for one
The bags were crunched into the box... 1/2 the order was crunched.
The last box I received in Oct 2022 and they expired later that month.
Good variety- several crackers damaged :(
The eggplant i got was veey small, same price for much larger at other stores.
What can I say, cherries are cherries.
it is too many sheets....But long time I got it.  I can use long long long time...
A little on the heavy side.  Not a health food regardless of whole grain.
Coffee and pastries
These are good and taste but they stink so bad.
Standard!  I could have gotten it at Walmart!
Took two trys to get product that was still sealed
I was not crazy about them small pieces affected me
Not what I expected to taste like. The price is to much so I will pass on buying it again.
Too fizzy for me.
It was OK but not great
Cream of wheat never disappoints
Package was torn and taped. One of the box was fully damaged
did not care for the taste
I had expected smaller packaging .Buy the hundred mini size for convenience.
Some k-cups will not work in my keurig. I got a message that they were incompatible.
I do not care for the taste, but I guess it is just alright.
I love the product but this is the 2nd time I have ordered it and the bottle has been broken
Arrived a bit damaged.
Every once in awhile I would get a rancid one. Not sure how fresh they were.
They taste like a dry KitKat with a hint of coffee.
I normally like this brand. Cannot think of a flavor I have not enjoyed. Except this one.
Not the same taste as the small individual packets. Could not detect any cardamom flavor or smell
Did everything per instructions. Used this before with no problem but not this time.
Did not like the taste at all
Smaller than expected.
Thought it would be a little bigger then it was.
I wish the roasting level was lowe
I do not think this is tomaric . I have not seen like that color of it.
not as hot as expected.
They contain omega 3 and fiber and not a lot of sugar.
they arrived all crusty looking. like the sea salt carved into others while shipping.
This is not powder it is a loose leaf tea mix
Like that is not plastic. It is ok.If your picky about your flavor it will not impress you.
Cake was fresh but too bland - not sweet enough for my taste.
not soft at all, very much on the stale side
Ours got moldy even before we open it. It needs to be kept in the refrigerator.
not what I was hoping for
Not really tasteful.  I will not buy this again.
Product had one month until expiration, cookies were dry and very crunchy
The fact that I was supposed to receive 18 bars for $9.99 and I only received five bars!
The after taste is really bad I was hoping that it would be good. It is also not very - salty
its not as big as it says nor shows Rather go find a bonsai store and buy a Older one
Got them they were hard as rock other than that they were good
Edible, but not as expected since the bottom was burned and had to be cut off.
Thought it was a basket. No . It came in a box. I guess I need to read
My family likes it but.....we received it in March and it expires in May.
Not buttery enough and not milky enough!!!
"...the ""anchovy"" of the description turns out to be anchovy paste, not pieces on intact fish."
Cake has only a hint of lemon taste.
Candy was melted will not buy again
did they change the recipe recently? The Onion & Garlic do not taste the same to me. Maybe it is me.
Product was a little hard and most the flavors seemed to taste the same.
I really do not recommend.  Sesame seed flavor is not very strong and price is much higher.
I was super excited to gift this to my boyfriend... sadly quite a few candies were stale or old.
Did not smell at all like carrot cake
We thought it would be the 8 oz packages.
Overpowering amount of chili.  Could not taste the fig.
Has a chemical taste
This product did not meet my expectations, at all.
not the tastiest.
It is creamer....it does the job.
Pros ,Very good flavor cheesy Cons .portion small breading does not stay put
I am a fan of all spicy ramen noodles but was not a fan of these at all.
Melted together in box
Ease of product is great but has a horrific bitter taste.
Learning curve on microwave
Not very flavorful and super small
very runny product, not great for the recipe I purchased it for.
The description says (3) 3lb bags I only received (1) 3lb bag. Where are my other 2 bags?
If you are looking for a caffeine ruah..go for it. I Am not
1 Bag opened completel.y
Did not have nearly the white cheddar taste I expected, so I would probably not go this route again.
overpriced, but I will try it
Not very tasty but OK. ( low on taste ) not very fresh.
This coffee was bitter. Not what I expected from a low acid coffee.
Serving size is off. Serving is 1/2 cup.  Servings per container 3... in an 8.5 oz container.
Headline says it all
Was ok but what I got was things not pictured got a lot of welch single pack gummies not impressed
A bit bitter and atomic on the heat side.
Dripping oil..damage by usps.
They were tasty enough, but not enough filling
It did not have flowers as pictured
I will not buy again. Weird taste after chewing. Texture okay, but not what I expected
I did not expect a Sockeye salmon to be so dry.  I have had it before, and this time it was different.
Love this pepper but it arrived opened, afraid to use it in case it was tampered with
My kisses are bland and not minty like with ones bought fresh at the store.
This was not at all what I expected.
Wanted to try this since I switched to decalf but find it has a bitter after taste.
I have ordered a 12-pack of clams twice and only received a 6-pack each time. Buyer beware!
Had to throw one out because it was rotten. the second was overripe but edible.
You can get pain water cheaper. This has no fruit flavor
Too much dough, too little filling
This is sold as #8 in flavor and strength. I will rate it as a 5.
the duck confit was not tender , and the wife and i did not care for it.
Product became bent just during the course of assembly and edges started peeling
When I ordered this it said I was getting 16kpods  and I only got 10kpods!
Be careful eating the rice. There is rock in the rice. I ate 3 tines and i found rock two times
I love this spread. Unfortunately it is far too expensive for me to add this to my regular diet.
Small package, too much money.
Not very creamy, I just was not feeling these. Nope or Dope? NOPE
My son loves this!
Was not as fresh tasting as I expected.
One of our very favorite crackers, however about 1/2 the crackers were broken into tiny pieces.
We have found several empty packets in this box.  first ever
Not peppermint enough
I love this product, but it is so badly packed.
It was not as large as I expected
Spouse likes it. I think it has an odd non-cheese taste, but it might just be too much parm.
for Pepperoni. But about par for Turkey.
Taste is ok but expensive
Were halfway melted
Not what I thought
Jar, although in a sealed bag, arrived leaking.
Tasted just like the candy I remember from my childhood.... not sure it was worth the price though.
Did not like the taste.  Tasted watery to me.
I give 5 stars for the taste but 1 star for the price.
Not quite bitter enough for me.
Found it a little hard to work with, very soft texture, sticker than most I have used
a bit overpriced
Not white coffee. It is black coffee but the brand is white coffee
Noodles are okay but too expensive will not purchase again
A little old product came. It was not fresh.
It was cheese and salami , if not into charcutery snack not for you
One bottle in the shipment arrived with slit lid and product leaked out.
They were good but a bit stale, chewy
Received with two cans smashed and one busted open
DO'NT STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING!!!!!!!!!!!!
I did not find any benefit from taking this every morning.
Item description states 120 pieces. Received only 60 pieces.
Just ok.  difficult to get out of package
Package torn. It was a gift
did not notice any difference from supermarket  price or quality
My bad for not ready the quantity. You would think I would learn by now. Good chocolate though.
Hard to get used to I am used to hot oatmeal. Not sure if I can heat it up,can i?
they are messy to open, you have to use sissors
A little too much pepper for my taste
If you enjoy gum that tastes like it is been chewed on,  for at least an hour, by this gum
Not the finer grain I am used to.
I do not like flavor ,  I expected Yusu flavor but it is strange chemical smell and taste.
Just a heads up It looks a lot like the picture, It is almost all cake.
This was SO tiny
A resealable package would be an improvement
Could Not handle the texture. Was like having a glob of slime in my mouth
Taste and texture are okay but not great
Worked well on my chocolate covered Oreo.
I like one or two tipes... but is not Nespresso!
The taste is fine..but its does not make me go do no.2
I doubt we will order again
A little sticky, not quite like a real angel food cake consistency.
Product was damaged would like a replacement.
Not the biggest fan of it- it is okay just a bit of a weird texture...
Not much flavor beyond sugar candy.
4 of cans were deeply dented, but still sealed.
The cat loves it.
Has an after taste that I do not like.
Box arrived a little beat up and only 7 came in a box that should have had 8.
It is not just cheese. Food coloring, sunflower oil yummy though.
While it is very yummy, the actual amount of product is very small.
Not as tasty as McCafe
Bit of a synthetic after taste
I did not see the SPICY on the label before ordering.
The flavor is ok but something is not quit the same as in the past.
I could tell it was hot coffee, but not really good tasting coffee. I will not buy it again.
the top started leaking after the second use, one tea spoon per use. not good
Was shipped another 18 pack.  1 of the cans was half empty but the other 17 were fine.  thank you.
It was ok...Glad I tried it once, but will not re-order.
on rye bread with sea salt od pebber... and a drop of lemon.
Flavor is fresh and sharp, but does not last long
Tastes too sweet. Does not seem to last as long as stated.
Strawberry ones have odd aftertaste. All are too sweet.
I thought it was a full size regular game it is very tiny looks like it is a game for elves
They taste alright and are healthy but unless they are on a promotion I find them a bit expensive.
do not care for the taste
Could not turn the grinder.
Smaller than expected and cost was average, but ok flavor.
Do not think I will eat the one on the left
This milk does not last in my home so that speaks for itself everyone enjoys it.
Was not what I expected
One of the three bottles was damaged upon arrival and not usable.
Very basic snacks blander than the lifetime channel
It tasted like regular bread.
expiry date is too soon
Not fresh, or the candy did not have the fruity taste,  it was just a mild taste
Did not care for this
The taste was good, but the sausages we are quite stale
They were a lot smaller than I thought and they took forever to get to my home
Have to use two to make the coffee the color and flavor we like.
The bars tasted somewhat rancid!!  Especially the ones with nuts.
Do not like the grrater. Not your fault.
Dang, all 10 cans came in. But one was busted...
I prefer a different brand.
I wanted blueberry
Mostly all almonds, the other nuts are very small and broken. Sams club is way better.
This has a bit of a burn to it beyond the ginger.  Was not expecting that.
Would not purchase again, although it is tolerable.
Hate the Cherry, others are great.
This is ground finer than I would expect for granulated garlic.
Taste pure.  Just a little pricey but what seasoning is not?
came in open in the box
I like hot but this is all one note heat. I will stick with the other flavors.
Cheaper than la croix but this flavor was not it for me
I thought they tasted a little old
Tasted too salty even though it is low sodium and it was too spicy. Definitely not V8.
"""solid"" is now defined as something between chunk light and what you previously knew as solid"
So much smaller than I expected.
I like the product, but the price has been increased too much in recent years.
Not a dark roast... much lighter.  More of a medium roast. I was pretty disappointed.
40 bags of chips, that expire in 2 weeks.
The package arrived with missing item (red icing color)
The cookies were not as chocolatey as I remember.
The product arrived early. The flavors were gross.
The taste was not for me. Anyone who likes folgers, this is for you.
Too expensive for the price. The taste was not bad after I added splenda.
I would prefer not to have mint mixed with the berry flavor.
It was over priced for what came in the package.
Its a quick protein snack. Needs to be packed moist. Last 3 shipments have been dry
Tasty filling snack
One of the tea bags was damaged.
I love the product and use it to replace coffee. But one jar arrived broken.
Do not waste your money
I really like cheez-its. I found this flavour lacking and far prefer several of the other flavours.
This product was a gift.  I did not taste. I heard no complaints.
Want to return because it was open and leaking when it arrived
It curdles if you use cream
Not as flavorful as expected, also is is clumpped
The price was little high
many broken chips!!! VERY DISAPOINTED
They are not fresh been on the shelf way to long.
Leaked in transit.
Smaller than expected
Coffee taste just okay to me, it seems to be a little weak.
There contained only one sugar plum
Not what I am used to from my local Chinese restaurant hot and sour soup.
The product was good,but I have a problem with any sweeteners hurting my tummy.
Not at all what I expected.
They do not get crispy and they fall apart ...
My wife is from Malayisa and she did not care for it plus it took too long for shipping.
Not enough for the money, not filling enough, not big enough. But they tasted okay.
The essential component of Dukan's diet. You must have this one.
It smells like pumpkin but it tastes like simple syrup when added to my coffee
Not enough cookie for all the filling and frosting.
Dislike the taste has no real reason to it just color
Not a big fan of the flavor, tasted like lemon soap.
10 out of 24 cans are damaged
Item came with no measure instructions?  Please email measurements info!
should have been larger like photos
Good quality but a little fake sweetener aftertaste
Prefer the Breakfast blend. We did not like the taste.
These are just your average tasting black beans.  Nothing wrong, but I have had better.
One of the four bottles had the lid open and leaked.  Had to throw it out.
items were melted and smashed
Nothing to write home about, it is apple cider vinegar
Sort of dry for an English Cucumber. Threw it out.
good flavor- I use for cold brews.
I usually use bobs red mill but could not find it so I bought this brand. It is super bitter.
All the yellow tomatoes were useless, too soft and mushy to eat.  The others were good.
it did not taste as expected but that is okay:D
Not a fan. I purchased this cake and a Claxton and this was quite dry,
My fault on buying this as I was looking for something like chicklets!!!
My can seems to have mostly almonds... so I am not impressed.
Only one pack. Should have been 2
There were a LOT of tiny pieces in the bag. Not at all like the picture.
careful, do not use too much.
No padding in box with three sleeves of biscuits.  Somebody did not think.
Hard to use came in large lumps have to chisel it to use
The photo shows boxes of Cracker Jacks.  They arrived in individual bags.
Tasted good - but I do not understand why it is so expensive? Will not be purchasing again.
Tastes like tree bark at the tail end when I put it in my coffee.
'I did the math'  ...almost $2.50/oz ...'give me a break'
These cookies were not great but they were not bad
a bit too hard to chew comfortably and they could use a little salt
There are some pods that are not compatible with Kuerig. Please update your coffee varieties
I did not care for the taste
Just a bit watery b
Just not to my liking. The taste was off for me.
One can was unopened, but completely empty? No pinholes, no leakage...Cannot explain?
It was really cute in all but two of them were broken Before I even got to open the box
they do not come dehydrated.
The kids were not fond of the flavor
Great product, just disappointed by the can size.
Hard to use real clumpy
Do not have subscribe and save anymore
I like the yogurt however it is a little too sweet.
Simply, but not as big as I thought it would be.
Taste like they changed the recipe I will not buy it anymore
I found the flavor very flat and not pleasant, but my daughter thinks it is ok
First half were fine. Second half discussing. Chunks of something in bottles.
Cake was upside down and was not very fresh.  It was in about 15 pieces.  Flavor was okay.
Over priced for product!
Does not desolve like I thought it would. Balls up and floats on the water.
The mix is quite thick and a chore to get to the right consistency for me.
Texture hard prefer fresh cooked or the patties
Just have to watch for stems that I do not want in my food
Although the fudge was very tasty. I felt it was expensive for such a tiny piece
I just do not care for them
Just a matter of preference but I do not like the texture.
The cups are all smashed in and looking like they will break any minute.
Wilted upon arrival
Ok but not great
The packaging was great and it served its purpose. Unfortunately some of the bags were stale.
Product arrived over 1 month expired
my box was crushed when it arrived
I will probably re-order this product again !
This product was exactly as expected.  It is for weight loss
it did not really taste the kona coffee
Fast delivery and fairly tasty but some of the cans arrived badly dented. Not sure product is safe.
pretty cake topper but it arrived broken- had to glue it together
Try it. The flavor grows on you
YOU do not get the flavors as it says
I wanted only the leaves. This is everything blended together
Really does not taste or smell like bacon I did not enjoy it at all
Too small a container for such an expense! Somehow I envisioned a larger jar.
Runny, not thick. Tastes strange. Eatable, but barely. Cost too much for what you get.
It is expiring in 45 days
Mostly basic candy and a few special pieces.
Says 2 servings but only 5 ravioli. I did not get any so I cannot comment on taste.
I did not like them. Not lemony. No like shortbread.
There were only 39 packages shipped instead of the advertized 40.
No much flavor but I did not expect it to. Added a banana and it was VERY filling!
It tasted a little funny. Not like the typical Mac and cheese from Annies. My kids did not like it.
Super cute. Tastes bad. Why is it spicy?
Two of the packs were completely crushed and one was ripped.
They get stuck i my teeth, hard and very chewy
Not anything to rave about.
It arrived on time but capsules were crushed.
Came kind of stale
It is ok just has a weird after taste
It is....I end up adding stevia....lol
I ATE IT OVERPRICED AND SHIPPING TOOK MUCH TOO LONG
Not what I expected
Box was completely fine but when I opened it their was powder everywhere and seal was broken
Smaller than I thought it was going to be and took forever to get.
Loved this for my iced coffee, disappointing to order once and it is now unavailable.
This is a Christmas gift.
A little too sweet for my taste.
There is no discernible honey flavor of any kind and although as thick as honey only half as sweet.
Ordered this 48-packet box, received 45, even though box was sealed.
It is imitation. It is not pure. The item states, it is a 6 pack. I only received one.
The it was melted
I really thought that they would be bigger than this only about 6 per bag
Much smaller than expected but looked ok on cupcakes. Needed to add something extra
I do not think they were closed tightly enough. Two of them were leaking
For my taste a little too sweet for balsamic.
I will order again and sdee if this type grows on me.
Too much Water + oily stuff mixed with the tahini. Hope it will be thicker.
Bags were smaller than I thought they would be.
We love these crackers so much, but this order they all came broken.  Super disappointed.
Used for vanilla extract.
Smaller shorter jerky sticks than what I expected.
Cheaper on Amazon but the taste seem to be little different than store bought drinks
Husband does not care for this one.
My larabars came covered in oil. I tried reporting, but could not find where.
Did not taste quite like M&Ms. Many arrived crushed broken so there were lots of candy she will crumbs.
Smaller than I expected for extra value.
expecting bigger bag
I look these noodle.  Only thing it has two much corn in them.  Make some without corn.
only received one box of 5 bars. was supposed to be 30 bars,
It is a little different than I have been drinking before.
Not fresh, bitter sweet
I entered a review by mistake and Amazon will not let me delete the review so this is a placeholder
NOT THE SAME K CUP AS ADVERTISED  ON THE SITE.
Surprised bag so small, and cost.
Was not the soft moisture cookie I remember
Wish they offered a different flavor.  A little spendy for me.
When we opened the package, as you can see in the pictures, they are all completely smashed.
I was trying to find a hamburger seasoning much like a local restaurant uses
I use this in dressings, and for soup bases. Not bad but not delicious either.
But will not buy again they have have palm oil as an ingredient in their products.
This shows only normal peppermint, however, I received half peppermint and half chocolate mint.
its similar to fogers taste
I feel these are old.....hard as a Rock.
Cannot rate it - was a gift shipped to someone else.
Good and works but way too expensive.
I did not receive the 30 individual packages as said in the Q&A section.
It is a little on the plain jane side of meals. Fine for a quick lunch.
Smaller than I expected
great candy, but you can buy 3 lbs at Walrgreens for $12.99.  Makes me so mad!
Nothing worth bragging about, flavor is a little weak - will not buy again..
It is ok, but not nearly as good as the Maxim Mocha Gold that I usually order.
Little or no smell, dried too much! Not producing what I had in mind.
Was looking forward to trying out the purple can but was sent pink by mistake(?).
A little too sweet for our taste and a little expensive but good if you like really sweet bacon
9 of the 48 cans were dented.
The chips were greasy.
Ate these growing up but they are not as spicy as I remember
I know these potato chips flavor, and it just was not there on this order.
These are not individually wrapped which I did not realize when ordering!
I wish I could select the flavors.
I did not like them.  Too thick.  Several co-workers did enjoy them.
It is a meat snack.  Not great.  Not bad.  Just... plain.
Reason it was on sale was because it expires in 2 months.
They were ok, not worth the money spent I like miss Vickies but I will stick with the local chips
if you are in a hurry and need some vitamins.this is very spicy, so i add a lot of plain rice...
These are not the same as the Elmers Heavenly Hash of the 1960s.
I like this brand generally, but personally I do not care for this flavor.
What you get is not candy in pic
The gum is tasty at first but then the texture turns wax-like within a few minutes.
Flimsy but served it is purpose.
Product May not be effected and I will try to glue back on5/6 damaged
It was received quickly. It is made of very thin stock paper so a bit pricey for what you get.
Filter do not let the water through so you end up with colored water instead of coffee
they were ok but half were rotten  expensive too
Candy ok, cost ridiculous
This is a nice gift but mine only came with 48 tea bags....so someone cannot count! :(
I liked it. Hubby did not and was mad I got it.
Product unsweetened.
Some of the chip were opened
good but expensive.
Some candies were open or broken. Flavors are good. Generic.
I got this and only half survived. It is cheap but you will get what you pay for.
Not the very sour kind from my youth.  A little sour, but mostly sweet.
The last batch was not as fresh as the other do not think I will order agaain
If you like novelty Japanese sweets, it is not a bad item to buy. It is not fantastic, though.
OK for the price, wish it were less expensive.
It tastes like normal coffee and did not feel extra caffeinated to me.
Like the taste but does not dissolve well
Some of the biscottis did not have chocolate on them.
Not bad. Tasty and creamy. Not sure if I will rebuy.
The flavor was not great. It was oddly savory. I preferred the red pouch much better
Product is fine but arrived with the bag broken - powder spilled all over the box and my porch.
Yet to try but I was devastated when I opened up the box to see it like this.
Tasted great, but gave me horrible gas
too big for standard size cupcakes, do not buy if you are planning on putting the cupcakes on a stand
Not as much flavor as other brands. The bags seem small.
Good price below average quality. Difficult to crack poor taste
These are good, but it takes 2 to properly fix a cup of coffee. way too expensive.
Not the best one I have tried. A little too stale and dry
This candy was old. I love bit o honey but these were very hard
Tasty snacks but the packaging is excessive. For the price, I expected more nuts and less plastic.
Much smaller bag than I expected.
The pictures are not the same candy that arrives! Similar but not the same
unless you are a body builder, I guess. Way too manyj grams of fat to use for dieting.
All boxes were open
I did not like the taste of this tea.
was not  what I  expected
Rather small for the price but quality is of the essence when it comes to certain things
Texture is weird. It breaks easily and rhe flavor is overbearing
Every can came DENTED!!
Not as tasty as fancy cashews from Sam's Club...
But it is not for me I do not like the way it taste
They were too salty for my taste
Did not really like the taste of the coffee.
It was ok, not great...
Very dry and tough. The flavor is good but texture is like leather.
The flavor is just O.K. For the rather pricey price.. I would look elswhere
Seeds are packed in plastic not in foil as some suggested. I transferred them to a glass jar.
Seemed like a great price for the value but it tastes awful. Definitely not dark roast.
Do not buy this. May as well use sawdust in your cooking. Flavor is not there.
Nice kick, but taste lame.
If I am craving for a sugary snack.
cookies came crumbled, Wish they could be replaced. They were gifts
Package from manufacturer damaged but individual tea bags are intact
The crackers seemed quality but were expired and you could tell.
Even after vigorously shaking the contents before opening, it had clumps.
I love these but this particular box was slightly stale.
"I guess they are made, ""Well Done."""
treat for family
Decent quality, but not much flavor.
Two bags were slit in the middle and some of the flour came out.
lacking intensity of flavor that other (more expensive) styrian pumpkin oils have
The product is not bad, but tastes old.. it is not fresh at all
Item arrived crushed.  Box it came in is not damaged at all.
It is is less concentrated than other brands but it tastes better. Plus it contained collagen.
The coffee delivery was fast, but some of the coffees were too weak for my taste.
I was looking for pods that were k fee. I would not buy again. Overpriced
Very convenient but a little sketchy on taste. Not nasty but not delicious.
The bagels themselves are yummy. I just wished the delivery date did not keep getting pushed back.
they were melted
A lot was Sticky
Product arrived with several cans dented. One can leaked out soaking through box.
"Not as fresh as I would like have had.. Too ""firm"""
Dense, on the tougher/firm side compared to orowheat brand.
Good onions and size, bad price and batter
Unfortunately all their jams taste alike as they are cloyingly sweet.
I was hoping to like the taste but it is the same as any other matcha powder
Heavy and pasty. The color Actually too light for me, too and I bought the medium .
Gave as gift to fam member who makes skin care products.
Powder gets everywhere with each use. Will not buy again
Got 23 instead of 24
Each little package I opened was almost entirely crumbs.
NOT this one.  Yuck.
We have not consume yet, they all expired for consume. Be careful purchase this products
Many of the sticks are hard and dried out.
the chocolates were somewhat melted together.
does not have the robust flavor that macha should have.
For the price, I will not be ordering this again.
These are the sweetest popsicles I have ever had. Will not buy again.
It is O.K., nothing spectacular, and a bit on the expensive side.
I think that this item is overpriced.
Like take with me add to my water bottle no sugar calories
Do these taste like lime at all?
For spouse who is on Keto Diet
Arrived expired..???
Did not live up to my taste expectation.
Very yellow, not very mango, thin. Hot though, from Belize.
Was not fresh enough for me.
Love this water and it is so hydrating and tasty but the price is ridiculous
I bought this as a replacement  for Extra Ginger. NEVER  again!
Not as moist as the originals which used raisins.
i thought they were sugar-free
Has a gritty texture.
Only a few small bags of snacks worth less than $10.
In spite of the packaging showing marshmallows? This mix does NOT have them!
I did not try this product as it was purchased for my Mom; the family baker.
I received the packets to put in water bottles, not the mix for pitchers so that was upsetting.
I definitely wanted to try this. It tastes like pickle juice and is very salty.
Not as advertised. Did not come with chopsticks, English instructions, or the gift.
Cuts sugar craving.
Smaller than what I Expect
I love this product, but you can get the same thing for less than half the price at Sam's Club.
I cannot tell the difference
3 of the 4 boxes we ordered were spoiled.
Not that flavorful. Would not recommend
French Roast was bitter tasting.
Dried up not fresh and hard to pop. Taking much longer leaving too many kernels
Smaller size without saying it a head of time
Coffee is great just to expensive!
Price is too high compared to other Extra gum.
It is o.k. but my wife still prefers Maple syrup on her waffles.
seems like they are much smaller than my last order
I would just not add the sugar packets- what a waste as not necessary.
Not wild about them.
I do not like the taste I wanted a stronger cinnamon flavor
This reminds me of the old days, but it is lacking flavor.
Just here to say their website price is only $15
It does not taste coffee at all !!!
reallly did not taste like mocca
Most of them were broken when they arrived but they were still edible
I returned the soda machine so there was no need for this product
This brand is sweeter than others I have had. I do not care for it as well
These taste OK, but our poor value for such a small size. They are also high in carbs.
Kids like the packaging....
Had a lot of candy that I do not eat gave away to neighbor kid
Milk spoiled days before expiration date
love this product but the open bag is bad. not closed at all.
Item got delivered with a hole in the bag and powder was everywhere
"Too bland, but, half decent soup.  Certainly not ""Jazzy""."
Nothing in the description talked about decaf
Smaller than the other brand I buy and different taste.
Wish it had some flavor to it.
They we are crushed
Came very burnt looking and dry
Some tasted old, expiration date 10/2015
Speaking for myself, the salt was too salty and I could not distinguish any bourbon flavor
Smaller then I thought it would be
I have bought this item a few times, its alright. I would like it be less sweet.
Was partially crushed on arrival.
Tried it only once on a steak, still needed salt.
Need items ordered for replacement
Fairly priced flavoring.  A little difficult to find this nowadays.
It is what it is my fianc used it
The flour affects the taste of the apricots in a way I did not like.  Ended up getting rid of them
Thought i was getting large bottles of water..but they were half the size..bummer
Lots of heat, lacking complex flavor. Had had much better sauce down on the islands
Edible but somewhat stale.  Not as good as when sold at a COSTCO stores.
Fun concept but a bit sour for my child.  If your kid likes sour cheese they will like it.
For the money not worth it. The taste was gross compared to going to the store
A little to sweet
I did not like the tiny pk and how tiny the product is.
1/3 portion is over roasted
This water is not for everyone. It helped me with my morning sickness, so I would recommend it.
Tasty but not enough cinnamon or sweetener
Has potential but overbearing sweetness ruins it
Expensive and seemed to go stale quickly. The onion and garlic flavor was also quite strong.
Give itchy throat, while the same product from Costco do not.
I bought multiple ones all but 1 was expired.
I received a damaged item
For the price, these are just fine but the black is not very saturated.
Just was not tasty
A resounding meh.
Not for me, a liquid, not what I was expecting.
It was a little bitter only use small amount or it is overly sweet
Bottle should not say California olive oil.  It was inferior blend
Love these but this bag is so dry and hard!
Mostly crumbs and broken pieces
These beans are not very fragrant. Tastes only ok. Pretty disappointed.
Too gooey.  Do not hold the rectangular shape.
Just regular cookies
box was soggy and sticky, many empty pops. considerably smaller than last order.
Bag was open in box.product is partially dried out.very dissapointed.will not order again.
We received these today and the first one we opened was spoiled, definitely has a sour taste!!!
A little harsh, but still better than the weak watery decafs.
My wife loves these
Missing grapefruit flavors. Received extra watermelon flavors instead of the grapefruit.
"Not sure what I expected, but it was just ""ok""."
One jar had to be thrown out after it arrived leaking. :(  The other jar was great!!
Grease makes my skin break out nowadays!
Box  does not say organic!! On back little words only! Check it out!
Good flavor but horribly stale
Your standard baklava with lots of sugar
Kind of have a weird taste.
I personally did not like all the different textures.  I could not finish it.
Product arrived open, lid was dented and lost it is seal.
Has helped me with energy
It was alright, but did not really taste like apple pie or caramel.
No reason for a pack of noodles to be so pricey
To expensive for what you get  had to go buy more choc bars
This is Brittle with a few pecans.  In the future I will order Pralines instead.
The flavor was a little different. But still good. A little spendy.
Would have preferred product not flavored
See the headline.
I like the chocolate that I got however not the brand that was promoted.
It enhanced my Thai dish!
Coffee was delivered a day late and it was the wrong coffee. Coffee flavor was good.
The cost is pretty high for the small can size.
much sweeter than regular frosted
prefer the bigger boys
I did not know I had to try to grow it.
Product looks bigger, no dipping sauce included
Some can with the stick unglued
Not enough salt for me!  Just used it to snack on.
These arrived in a plastic bag, the gift box in the pictures was nowhere to be seen.
Not a lot of Kona
shoulda gotten double the amount for the price
it is very good, BUT, VERY EXPENSIVE!!!!
tiny little bars about the size of 2 of the halloween size candys
Purchase for someone
I think this could be fresher tasting
Great product.  Shipping is outrageous!
It was almost expired when delivered.  After 2 days in fridge it was Slimy and a smell.
Every can has dents in them and the box looks like it was kicked to my door.
These toppers did not stand sturdy in my cake
I was expecting them to be gel but they were actually liquid
Did not live up to the expectations based on advertising for taste and flavor
What is up with ghosts They do not look like the others
You can buy them cheaper elsewhere
Good but too darn expensive
the taste is ok, however it has lots of residues and it make you think if it had turn bad???
Thus product is 10+ times store cost
Delivered in plastic envelope,  out of cardboard sleeve, with NO SCREW ON LID!
Too high of a price for average taste!
I did not like the flavor...but everyone is different!!
Seemed wrapper stuck to some or the product was sticky
needed 30 for upcoming event.  Box contained 29.  Short by 1, cannot use as planned.
Avoid these at all costs!
Different than first pkg I ordered..much smaller!!
Pricey for the size.
Sweetener for tea
Product was delivered in correct spot but the product itself comes damaged on regular basis.
Not as flavorful as hoped
Did Not care for the coconut flavor
IT GAVE ME EBOLA
Not working for me.
I thought this would have a little spice or kick, its a sweet sauce with no kick.
Three stars because the tubes are too long and had to be trimmed with scissors.
Product came room temperature and smells
They have a funny smell and do not really taste like mango
You cannot taste the flavors.
Smaller than expected but still had fun with them
Hard to cook right
so so. just go to the retail store.
The taste was of a cheaper made product, not the quality I was used to from years ago.
But not very tasty and very chewy
Too early to tell
It was a total mess, the jar was cracked.
There are not many veggie chips in the bag but they are very tasty.
There was one bottle short in the carton.
Expiration day one week after I receive it
Not enough oatmeal in mix
It contains maltodextrin (a grain derivative), and uses cane sugar rather than stevia or erythritol
Could be a little more tangy for me but overall it is not to bad
will not buy since price went up and this pantry stuff is bull
Misleading pictures
This jerky was so tough it what you could not hardly chew it so it was obviously old
I cannot get used to the sticky, almost slimy, nature of this rice.
too expensive,costco only $9.99
For the amount, way overpriced for a house brand.
Did not accomplish what I needed, but might work for someone else.
I like the product but the packaging for shipping needs to be improved before I reorder.
not enough filling and beef
Followed directions for heating up, however 3 out of 10 exploded in the microwave.
The price has went up to where I may have to find something else to help with my acid reflux.
Too much money for too little product. I get it cheaper from local Asian store
For my taste, too sweet and not hot enough
It was just okay, because it had a weird after taste.
I did not taste at all the caramel. Will not order again. Bitter taste after drinking the cup.
This product often explodes in our Keurig. Our caffeine pods do not. Just these.
Not what I expected.
Box was damaged and one the bottles has a hole in it
I rinse and boil for 2 minutes and then dry out in a dry skillet.
IMHO I will stick to Ritz and Triscuits, but I am no gormet, either.
They taste like they are overcooked. I definately will not purchase again.
Just as expected, just not my style
I will never buy those again. I should have known pretzel/pop tart. Did not work for me.
It is not for diabetics. That is why I bought it.
The flavor is just not there
I do not know because I sent as  a gift
GOT TO HAVE IT WHEN BAKING BREADS ETC
Cartons arrived damaged and crushed.  This is the second order that arrived with damaged cartons.
Lots of stems. There was moisture in the bag
Coffee is great but in each box of 12, two cups had broken seals. One catastrophic failure
When opening the package a bottle had holes on it..
I expected more. The product has a plain taste to it.
These are alright. They are very dry though
i wanted my period to come early. it just cramped my stomach.
it is candy you know...
it did not come with the sadwitch cookies insted came with sun ships chedder
Very broken, but tasty. Tase pretty much identical to Hilo Creme crackers.
I was expecting a stronger cheese and a fresher popcorn experience with this product.
YOU MAY LIKE THE FLAVOR. I DID NOT.
A big staple inside the bag 
I like a hearty coffee this is but it left a bitter taste,so I will go back to emeril's dark roast
I almost crapped my pants at work. It worked two days after I drank it. Oops.
It tastes good at least for me, but many cans were broken. The box was all wet.
It is all gone so, everyone luved it!!!
Box crushed, Got shorted 4 bars,
Irregular sheets, irregular amounts in individual packages.
It cook's ok, personally I did not enjoy the taste
tastes good but expensive for a small package.
Could have been fresher
The flavor did not taste as explosive as I thought it would
Came all crushed
I adore this brand and love these normally but got an extra stale batch sadly.
Meh.  Not all that coconutty.
Good noodles. Very expensive for 7 small packages.
Some of the juice boxes were smashed and the juice had came out.
Contents sealed, but outer packaging worn and bent.
Nuts were smaller than expected.
Everyone of the biscuits was broken, it is like the case was dropped, all the flavors were fine.
Only lasts 7 days once opened. I do not use creamer that fast. Does not mix well.
Not a single blue in this variety pack! Yuck.
It has a premium price for this premium honey.
Tastes differ, I just did not like the texture.
Do not buy if you like in 100+ weather because it melt and yucky
Juice is good but I did recieve the wrong flavor.
not finely ground enough for me. will go back to Anthony's brand.
It took me a while to get used to the taste  I do not know if it is the stevia.  I will not buy again
Expected larger size, but this will do. Thank you.
I ordered two packs, both were expired two months.
Not bad but not great
Taste is mild, a little weak for me. Would try dark roast.
The silver is a weird brownish green. The red is a muddy red.  The pink and green are ok.
Helped itchy scalp during use but did not work as well as I would have expected after .
Bought out of intrigue, not my cup of tea.
There were some pieces of candies in this mix I not liked. Other than that, the flavors were okay.
Do not care for it!
We love this coffee. It is a shame it is hard to find and is getting more expensive
It tasted mostly vinegar with s faint taste of onion.
Mom approved, kids not so much. They only like the chocolate ones.
It is coffee. In pouches. Get over it.
Thick full flavor
Had a good flavour, but they were little stranger for some reason, not sure of cuz.
The filling was not as creamy as hoped.
They were fresh but completely tasteless. Do better next time Amazon.
Cookies are good but all broken.  Guess it is hard to ship a box without breaking.
I like they are high in protein but the taste is missing something
Not all of the cups worked with my Hamilton Beach Coffee maker
I will not purchase this product until palm oil has been removed.
It is kind of nasty tasting for cooking, but used in small amounts for coffee is ok
Coffee is not great but it is OK for the price
Was mushi,  sour taste - either too much yeast/baking soda, or not enough baking
I did not like the overall look after it was mixed. Not enough flavor .
Did not like the taste as well as others Also seems like a mix of white and natural salt
i was not a fan of the taste
Very small. Could not really be used as necklaces for most of the people at the party.
Not one of my favorites
I did not care for the taste.
sorry to say but i expected more habenero flavor.  tastes fine but not as hot as i expected.
OK Tasting, will only buy black licorice in future
Did not live up to their hype.
The pot was not quite as big as expected. Everything else was nice as expected
this cherry limeade kool aid  tastes like play doh smells
Box was smashed when received delivery
I Am not certain how I missed these are not original size. aside from them being small they are good.
It was a much smaller mat than other ones I have seen... Check dimensions before buying
Flat in flavor and was not as fresh as expected.
Has the taste of plastic
Good but messy from package and goes bad quickly.
I would not order it again as a gifts, does not pay!
It was smaller than expected but it did the job. Definitely way too small for the price
I cannot find any of the flavors sold separately
The label is different than what is shown in amazon.
Made in Singapore.  Melted into a glop in the bottom of the cup.  It was a gift.
Not great quality but were fine for caramel apples.
The chocolate melted, just like the Milano cookies.  Lesson learned.
Taste like old cranberry
Smaller than the real shreds. Store bought is cheaper
Taste is decent but you need to double up on packets or lessen amount of water that goes in.
Not much cinnamon flavor.
I will be back to add more. But for now at least I can see no bugs.
It is just a Reeces pieces with a white topping.
fresh but mostly broken pieces.
Like its health, wished it was not whole dulse and I need it chopped...
I was expecting to have my socks knocked off!!!!  All I got was my shoe laces undone!
The taste is different.
Why use message? Will not buy again because of this
I thought it would be dry.. I got it in vits and pieces and tons of salt water..
Improve the sealing of the container.
The soybeans received are much smaller in size than pictured. No returns accepted.
My wife did not like it, low quality she says,
Star Brites are not produced in USA.  This candy is a product of Mexico!
it was ok... not really great taste than I expected..
In my opinion coffee is coffee. I could not taste or smell the hazelnut.
Middle never seemed as dry as ends. Does not puff in pan, so not fluffy.
It was a gift, I wrote a gift message but it was not included. I chose it because it was giftable.
I am doing Keto and I would just rather eat Cheerios . The taste is too card boardish
I was surprised that some of the boxes were empty, only with the sticker, w/o the popcorn and nuts
Tastes like Mayo: no better than any good mayo you can buy anywhere for a lot less $$.
Too tangy for my chili tastes
Not much Cranberry in these.  Some of them had no cranberries at all in them.
Date was to close to date to use and  charged shipping when Ihad  3 items. 
microdose, overpriced, not really recommended
The vanilla flavor Cooke is okay. The original flavor is terrible
these are cpicy. Will Not buy again
poor taste but does make many baby scobies
Barely any pecans and a lot of almonds
More expensive than Costco and bag is smaller
Texture & size Good. Flavor is Very Weak. I will not be back.
Decent stuff but not worth the price overall.
When opened up had a cottage cheese like substance as I poured it into the cup
I tried them , but I prefer them loose and pitted.
i thought using fructose will not make any jump to blood glucose but it dos too.
It was not spicy enough!
fruit was decent but not much of a variety a little pricey.
Hit or miss - sometimes soft, sometimes hard. Hmm.
good but disappointed that most of the bag full of broken granola pieces
Do not work with 2.0 keurig coffee maker
I like this at the beginning, but compared to Lavazza it tastes sort of too acidic for me.
Center of lettuce was rotten. Only a layer of  outer leaves were useable
Not real keen on the sweetness. Definitely not what I was expecting.
I agree that it is made with healthy ingredients. But the taste is not good!
These are pretty SMALL portions.. not what I am used to.
received as expected.
We never open it but it came all melt
Description did not show assembly required
I am not a fan of mixing with water to make pnb...not tastey at all.
Taste ok but a bit sour, small size, too pricy.
thought it would be stronger  will not order again
Too sweet and not great flavor. Very soft, no crisp at all. Gave them away.. just did not like them.
It is alive and coming around.  Definitely not as picture, but maybe someday.
Somewhat broken, flavor not very strong. But  pretty good.
not a great flavor. I like coffee strong, but this had a BURNT flavor
Wish it was a bit stronger!
Some of the cookies were good. Some seemed stale.  I will try other products at another time.
These used to be so good. Last few boxes have been stale!
This tastes super bitter to me. A waste of $$
The gold flakes leak from the container
It arrived promptly.  I got it for bread making.  I can not evaluate its usefulness at this time.
Little to hot for me
Not as tasty as the original a little too creamy for my taste
It was not as flavorful.
chocolate is starting to turn white -  must be a bit on the old side.
Some tea bags were opened & leaked into water!
Too sweet, not as good as anticipated. Disappointed.
The cans were all dented and sticky.
Did not realize sea salt was on them
Where is the hammer and red sack?
very expensive per serving but good pasta replacement for low carb diets (ie.. spaghetti)
Easy to make tastes ok made me sick the second time I had it
Does not have any hazelnut flavor.
Really bitter. I will add a mango nectar juice next time
These noodles are ok if you are desperate. They have a funny taste to them even after rinsing.
Love the tea but this is very expensive... cheaper at local store
Came with a cracked lid and I just saw no returns
It is way too salty.
Small 2 cookie pkgs. which would be ok, but about 1/3 of cookies were crushed.
Better hot then cold
Smaller head than expected.
Mint chocolate is an off putting flavor for an electrolyte drink
Made from concentrate and dry berry's.
Did not realize these were individual servings. Not returnable.
Flavor is definitely different. I like Dukes....but notbthe sugar.
They do not really fit my k machine even though advertised as such. Flavor is water
Not much flavor for a Kona coffee
This stuff is no joke
As always, the taste was great but a bit too expensive because the can was only half full.
Bulk product. Repackaged????
kosher & gluten-free & delivered to my door.  But tastes like cardboard.
Over kill on the garlic
The package is not sealed and has already been open when arrived
Just wanted to try it out
Tasted good, but the candy is tough and hard to chew.
Loved everything except for the coconut pieces. They are extremely hard and tough.
They were ok, but not spectacular
Not a very pretty color
Was not in manufacturer sealed bag....Candy put in bag and taped closed..Was not 1.5 lbs
Having used only 3 of the packages, 2 of them caught fire. Be carefu!
Did not care for the taste.
Do not love it, do not hate it.  Do not really notice any extra boost.
For some reason this water was not that great. It had a thick consistency and it tasted weird
Found it a bit on the bitter side
Did not really taste like frosting.  More like a donut thick glaze.
The tomatoes arrived less than fresh and only 2 of the 4 were edible.
Long time, Low satisfaction. But your Chice
Way too bitter almost unpalatable
The content was OK but the box was crushed. Not suitable for gifting.
Coffee is weak, flavors are not strong enough, variety of flavors is very good.
I opened it one day after the sell date and it tasted fishy.
I did not care for the taste at all.  Definitely does not taste like an oreo.
"Chocolate was all meted into a block, no longer ""chips""."
One of the cans cane damaged and only half full
went moldy very quickly. keep it in fridge even before you open it. not sure how old it really was.
I was expecting  for something larger.
flavor is good, nothing wrong with hard candy, but expected these to be filled, so far he have not.
Does not really dissolve in anything . Idky .
Tasty enough, but overpriced.
NOT FOR PRINTER USE, ITEM SHOULD HAVE STATED THIS
This must have been stored by something fruity because it had that sort of taste.
Not much taste. All favors taste the same.
Kids did not care for the texture they spit them out like eating paper
Disappointed in the maple and fudge flavors, the lemon was good.
OYSTOMATO (iCarly)
These tasted nothing like birthday cake
Orignal (unflavored) beats the pants offa these
Like many of amazons food items - not very flavorful. At least this does not feel stale.
Not enough teate of ginger and lemon 
Literally does not taste like there is any strawberry in this.
Those were pork rinds
It is easy to use but very small
I did not like the mushy texture at all.  Could Not eat it!!!
Upped supply only a couple ounces.
Hat was smaller than I expected
Not like the spicy mustard in the packets you get in the restaurants.
arrived with moldy spots
White chocolate coating......not so much. Guess I will have to reorder.
This gum keeps its flavor longer than others, and has no sugar.
Kind Of small and looks like it will break easily, to me it do not look as sturdy as the picture.
The package is advertised as containing 24 bags, but only contained 18.
They definitely taste different then the  regular sized bars
A part the fact that one of the package was open, I like the fast delivery and product.
Only 4 were unbroken
Bottom of box was open when I received product.
I wish there was an option for just lemon/lime and not the five altogether all the time.
Cannot say, just received. Check back later.
I like this product
These noodles were way to spicy for me. I do not like it.
I absolutely love these are just really expensive
We will not buy it again, as it comes in a plastic bottle.
small variety for the office function.  Teeth were a hot item.
I like the regular lemonade and was sent the peach lemonade. Not a fan.
Too spicy for me
Less than one year to the BB Date.  Never ran into this on prior purchases.  Would not recommend.
It spilled in shipping.
I prefer the plai vanilla or marble halva
I like the product its self but I believe it is kind of expensive.
I thought I would like it more...Had grizzly pieces in it..
Not a rich robust flavor.  Was not bad.  Will not order again
Wife did not care for it.
Not 100% smoked Gouda cheese. It is mixed with other cheese types.
Noodles were a bit mushy and only 2 small pieces of chicken but overall flavor was good.
This was a MUCH smaller bag than I expected for $8 and change.
Food fuel for me, myself and I. T.V.S.
Hardens and difficult to spread. Tastes good
A lot smaller than what I expected.  Box is smaller than a shoe box
Like the concept, but string after bite.
I like Panda's licorice but just not this flavor.
I can taste the popcorn a bit. But there is no butter flavor here at all.
I wanted a fruiter flavor, and I did not get it.
The Different Types of Flavors
Flavor was just so-so.
The fruit was bruised
We are learning about South Korea, it something that even my Girl Scouts like
Taste. But quality of product did not meet expectations.
Product was OK but did not measure up to previous Jamaica Me Crazy coffee I have purchased.
Not a very big bag of stuff.. most tasted awful but it was fun trying it out
one can came smashed.
Good flavor, but ugly!
This is NOT the same flavor at all!  You are waisting our money
Somewhat deceptive. To make a two layer cake you will need two boxes.
All of the reeses were melted
Flavors are not as advertised. Buyer beware.
Not a fan of this flavor
NOT GREAT BUT BETTER THAN MAXWELL HOUSE OR FOLGERS AND CHEAPER ALWAYS A PLUS
A few were open and have most of them sticking inside the box
Freshness and crunchy
I think it had vinegar in it, I did not expect vinegar in cheese puffs
These have a burnt bitter taste. Guess I am going back to buying 1lb bags from nuts.
Did not receive the 6 pack, only a single canister of the Planters Redskin Spanish Peanuts
Tastes great. Tiny jar. So very expensive.
Undersized and lacking in flavor and freshness
I did not care for the flavor, but it is a personal preference.
I only got 1 leak not 1 bunch
They were melted/ unfrozen
Candy crunch stale. White cookie flavor w chocolate tastes more like coconut.
price is a little high
Nothing great, nothing awful, just so so, but too much for the little that I got
Not enough product for the price
To spicy and salty to be pizza seasoning.
Was apakage of 8 8oz pomwonderful
They did not have the rewards versus the hype.
Need directions on how to prepare
It was not too long ago that a 2 pound box cost about 25 dollars.
The flavor was really different
not as fresh as we expected
Definitely misleading because it said 4 boxes of 8 not just one box for that price.
All of the Dorito ones were soggy for some reason
The candy is good but it is too expensive for what it is worth way out of hand :-(
Not much Carmel.
I dislike I did not get the other extra items
Severely overpriced
I found the flavor to be too faint to taste a cinnamon flavor. I use it for many dishes.
Expired use by date.
Dry and falling apart!
Not very tasty but worked for the diet
Came really quick but was half melted.
The bags were mostly air. Product tasted a bit stale.
Dare say I will keep on buying them which must tell you something
Used only two because the rest came broken Does not taste so good either
Pricey for what you get. Small packages to preserve freshness. Not too sweet.
I like the Maneshevitz brand much better and they are less expensive
Nice gift idea. Some of the nuts tasted stale.
Some were busted open
Last order these were not fresh.
NOT worth $15.00. Package of bacon is much bigger than what you get of Jerky.
I find the smaller avocados in the bags do not ripen properly 80% of the time.
Average quality coffee that works fine with French press
My item came damaged. Contents of 1 jar had spilled inside the torn box. I cannot return the item!
Ordered 2 packs.  One came completely open so it was not usable.  The Other was fine.
Taste like burnt-in-the-she will peanuts, but without the she will.
I used this product for a Christmas gift.
The flavors listed are not in the bag. No cream soda!!
got rid of the coffee maker because did have a reusable pod, too expnsive
I used candles and it caught the topper on fire so just be careful
Just very small jars and the most expensive jam ever for a tiny tiny jar
Dry & hard without the rich chocolate taste I was hoping for! I certainly would not purchase again.
Half full container.
These dates were dry inside not moist or chewy.
Just had a wierd taste
The flavor is rather Bland but it is still worth it.
Cheaper than the whole pieces, thought I try it.  Seems a bit greasy for dry roasted.
Chocolate were old
This pasta is ok I rather just have a cup of regular pasta . Not really into plant base .
I expected this to be HOT, which it is not, it is about the heat of grocery store pizza spice.
"Sorry, Amazon - needs more ""warmth"
I was not expecting the expiration date to only be a month after purchase
These ones taste different from the 2.8 oz single packs
I do not like the taste it taste like a chemical to me
Nice but way too expensive.
They tasted like cardboard
I was shorted, like others. I ordered 48, got 46.
Smaller in size. Taste the same. Will not order again.
Half bag of chips but large bag makes no sense.
Stated that it came with a pack of two but only got one
It is a dry spice, bottle is smaller than I expected
Too salty for me.
The pastry crumble when removing from.package or toaster - have tried twice and same results.
Could not taste the bourbon.
Definitely for people who love to try crazy stuff like me
One the potting bowl it is in looks nothing like pic in the photo except the rock
Other brands with similar taste and freshness available for much less.
It was too bitter for my taste, hope I can find one that does not taste bitter
the taste is a little off like there old have been stored in warehouse too long.
Tasted like cardboard with a Sprinkle of salt.
Gave it a 3 star but have nt tried them as of yet
not terrible, not amazing for the cost.
I would not purchase again. It has an aftertaste.
Fish had bones and skin. The texture was not firm and the flavor was lacking.
The stick fell off before I even put it in the cake.
Quality product and delivered as promised.
They were not as juicy or as flavorful as Sherries Berries I got last year.
Not what I wanted.  Aromatica changed the recipe.
I ordered barbecue chips and salt and vinegar arrived. Not what I wanted.
Not what I expected to buy.
Not that big of a deal, but the measuring spoon was not included!
Wanted it in a glass bottle. Lots of people said it came in both and I got a plastic bottle.
i will never buy these stuff online again. In chinese market the same product is  only 2.5$ each!
It was not what I expected. Not a lot of flavor
Only thing I can find compostable is the bag it came in, not pods and rings
You will need to add some black for a true navy.
Not very strong and does not last very long in the diffuser.
not spicy at all
meh........do not see what all the fuss is about
Very dry and flavor was not to my liking.
Had to blend it to use it up.
one bottle came drank already and it was in a beat up box
A lot were broken and out of the wrapper, other than that they tasted great.
Acceptable, but these are not too soft.
They are super good but my whole case was bad!
it still tastes like stevia, but I am getting used to using a little less and more cream
The french roast: I bought before at Costco and love it. It just not the same, it is bitter!
Came with 34 in a 36 pack
Do not care for the DeCaf. Even though its StarBucks, i will not be buying again.
Standard pop tart item
All of it tasted like celery
Cake was delivered on time and was good BUT pretty expensive for being so small
Not the usual product. Old or factory error
would try them again
This was not easy to grow & died quickly even after following instructions & research
Need to be careful this tea stains teeth.
came a bit overly ripe, but still eatable
The lid was so stuck on that I had to break it off and put it into a different container
It tastes weird like it has too much of something in it as far as herbs
These are stinky, was not prepared for that.
They keep screwing with the price.  Leave the sh  t  alone at $7 an change..  Damn
too expansive...will not buy again
Not excited about the flavor.  Just my taste......no big deal!
They look like fall leaves, I have not used the product yet but here is a picture for reference.. .
Did not like the taste at all. If you have it super cold it taste better
Not my favorite.  I found the popped corn a little on the tough / dry side with smaller kernels.
Too salty for my taste.
Product is not skinless as stated on product web sight.
I only tried it once so far.
Brownish/olive color, enough said
Taste is not good. Wish it came with a sprinkle top.
watery chocolate
My stomach did not sit well with this. I had to constantly go to the restroom after eating this.
Not a fan. Tried to like it but, nah..
Very sweet for Sour Cherry Jam. ... sadly too sweet.
They were ok at first then had a weird taste so I threw away half the bag
ordered it for my daughter
Who knew there was a difference in cinnamon sticks I do now. This one can help save your health.
I love Skinny Pop, but some of the bags are stale.
These creamers seem to have been an old batch.
You will get cheetos not sour cream and onion so do not expect them.
It was Placed inside my mailbox and it got too hot and the ham got dried.
Used to generic -
Very gritty tasting
Very light and weak flavors
The big brands are expensive, but worth spending a little more
Sasage turned out ok not great
I knew these were going to be healthier, but still underwhelmed.
The flavors tasted alike.  Alot of sediment.
Arrived mostly melted... not great!
Most tasted good but a few packages tasted like they had got wet at some point and were stale.
The food coloring ruined the flavor of this cake.
There is not much squash in a can.  It is mainly water.
Not like at the restaurant
Not real fresh or tasty
Just not enough in the package to be practical.
not much flavor at all
I eat a lot of dried mushrooms and this was just not the right taste for me.
Product bag was split open
These are amazing but whyyyy are they so expensive.
Arrived in rough shape.
I expected the syrup to be sweeter.
It just takes a minute of research.
Stronger than I expected.
Say it is a 12 pack only got 1
Smel is weak and no taste i think i have tryed in Europe better version
This is UNDER $6.00 per bag at all warehouse stores. I will not RIP myself off again with this price.
Too salty for my taste preference
Delivered out of date according to code.
Good seller, bad product.
"I was trying to order a""kit"" for a recipe that called for  same"
I only bought these because they were cheaper than unseasoned ground turkey
Died within 3 months. Followed the care descriptions and recommendations to a t! ...
A bit soft and not as chewy as some meat sticks. Addition of cheese added nothing.
Get the no honey mustard ones
taste good but too expensive for small box..
Not even close to the Fusion flavors.
These look like penis heads . I would not buy for my kids again
Dry fruits are not. Just a piece of gummy  with orange form. I was expecting real fruits.
THEY WERE ALREADY STARTINGT TO DECAY.
Well-known name brand. Not that fresh and bag was not full.
Could not taste the shrimp.
This badge I just receive today had ants inside and outside box -so I had to throw it away.
Did not realize these had a smokey flavor.
Still hoping 4 lower price.
Did not like the flavor.
They are tasty, and SUGARLESS, but I got a little tired of them quickly.  They also made me gassy.
Be careful not to place it next to the candles. It melts!
Not quite as soft as we like our soft peppermints but still tasty
Please tell me how? Even the kids do not know!
Good coconut flavor, but the inside was stale.
This is NOT a 24 pack. It is a 6 pack. Good juice and convenient but very false listing.
This was just like eating regular soup nothing fancy about it.
I received what I had expected.  Thanks
There is no expiration date on the packets.  Would prefer to know when they expire.
Ordered Two and only received 1 bear.
These were okayish.... Not something I would buy again.
Container is smaller then I expected
Could have mashed a banana into reg brown sugar oatmeal for a third the price..
I like the heat not alot of flavor
Received the product short coded with less than 2 months shelf life
I bought this at Publix supermarket for $4.99/12 oz. can.
The coffee did not have the richness in flavor.
Did not care for the flavor!!!
Poor value, some of the cakes were crushed. Price is too high for a low quality product.
THINK THESE WERE OLD STOCK
Cans all dented but it taste like coke so whatever
The flavors that were in the picture and description are not the ones that came.
Just sweet, not strong caramel flavor.
Arrived melted in a big clump.
The peanut butter was very dry.
I wear dentures and the candy is too chewy.  I am throwing the box out.
Not satisfied with color... more green than gold
Arrived alive but with everything out of the planter and has not recovered.
This coffee has a smoky odor and flavor. I do not care for it but my 95 year old mom likes it
Vanilla pudding had a coconut flavor to it
Disappointing. Not flavorful or strong enough. Very blah.
A lot of weird flavors!! Some were great and some were just off...
Expected some of the items to be bigger
Tasted like it was bottled last year. Old and tough fruit. Would recommend buying another brand.
Will take a bit to get used to the taste
Box came broken. Cannot close it properly. All the sauces are soysauce based. Bottles look cool
I like lentil soup but Amy puts too much onion in hers. Yuck. My acid reflux will thank me later.
The flavors were not really detectable.
I was hopeful these would be a great addition to my pantry but they taste terrible.
It was cracked and ants got in
It says a pack of 4, only got 1
Too pricey.  I found it at my local grocery store on sale for $1.00 each.
Meat was too tuff !
I bought these for gifts boxes arrived damaged
Smaller product than usual.  The items was completely in crumbs
These honey spoons as of now I have mix feelings.
Not what I expected..flavor and texture are lacking.
Very small amount for large price. Will not be purchasing this item again.
Ordered the 12 pack & only got one
Dry and not tasty.
Box was open and pods broke by Amazon they would not replace
Did not know it was from CONCENTRATE until I read it on the label.
They taste like most precessed snacks, artificial and overly sweet. I will not purchase again.
"While this is not down right nasty it does ""Not"" taste as good as I thought it would."
Wish they were less sweet.
I am trying to support our American businesses.
Not as flavorful as expected
Not a fan oily tasting to me.
They sent the BLUEBERRY but I ordered coconut!!! very frustrating I love the coconut !
Flavors not as pictured
Not like you may be used to
there is no salt on them
The product should come out in drips, rather than in squirts.
The after taste I cannot get pass. Also very hard to chew, I do enjoy the flavor.
the flavor is okay, but the texture is stale
i got this order but one of the box was empty.
Product seemed like it was maybe old, been sitting on a shelf too long...
It is o.k., Personally I prefer Donut shop
Product was old and had a bitter taste
Fabulous product, but need to get K-cups under $.50 each, too expensive
My order included 5 flavor coffee. I did not receive the toasted hazelnut flavor.
They were good for my project,  however quite a few were broken.
This did not have much flavor to it. It tasted like plain hot seasoning with salt.
Did not like the price. Way overpriced.
Taste is acceptable for the cost.
Pretty awful flavor unfortunately. Cute packaging.
"These did not arrive as ""scoops""; got pretty broken up in transit."
They are not the same as the ones in the store.
Love the design, glitter, and color. Only issue was that the stick was broken.
They are too salty
kind of pricey and a 8 oz cup is a little weak for my tasets
Generally above age but some of the sticks were overly dry
Not as tasty as some others I have tried.
It is named Pistachio Lover's Mix however my can is over powered by Almonds?
I have  not used it long enough to tell if it is going to work for me.
The cans seem thinner than those you buy in store and some damaged
Got a one pound bag instead of the 2.2 but it is whatever
I just check it, but it is been 6 months since the expiration date.
These tomatoes were not very good. They had very little flavor and were pretty gritty.
Taste good but a little pricey for such a small jar.
I lot of rotten figs inside the bag
sweet, some were hard to bite into and had pieces of pit.
"""Flavored with meat?""  What is next?  ""Flavored like food?"""
Nothing outstanding..They taste like pretzels.
Nothing special, little different
Not a substitution for pasta
Not very robust and very limited chocolate flavor.  I added cocoa powder to it
They expire within 2 months of delivery.
Not enough for money
Expensive! Looks like you get more from box! Misleading
I bought this for my staff and they ate it all up.
Did not realize it was a blend and not just stevia.
it is frozen asparagus everyone
thought I was getting K-Cups
I received regular popcorn, not mushroom style popcorn as advertised.
a little banged up in shipping and not as fresh as local
Crackers seemed stale-no crunch.
Basically no taste at all
Everyone raved about this flavor but I am not a fan
Thy are edible and taste ok, but are definitely not  fresh and are hard.
A lot of money for something that is basically bite size.
"It was not as ""tropical"" as I expected. You do not really taste much of the fruit flavors"
It had been out in sun in box and so chocolate melted . Taste ok but way too expensive !
This really does not have much lime flavor or much true chorizo flavor either. Very disappointed.
There is really no vanilla to them it is all tastes like chocolate
Recieved box and items had been damaged and juice was all over
Average in taste.  Bought due to high count of reviews and almost 5 stars.
Tasted straight from jar. It has a dull, not fresh, tomato taste.
I bought in bulk to last a while but it only has 2 weeks before expiration.
I like the SEEDLESS!!!
It is a gift so I have not tried the flavor
Overpriced, but tastes like what I cannot seem to find in stores anymore.
This product has.really gone.down hill.  No flavor. Will not order again
You try them!!!!
I ended up not caring for cinnamon on apple chips, just my preference.
Be prepared for lots of broken pieces, hence the cheap price.
Wanted a stronger taste.
This product only fits original Nespresso machine, so unfortunately does not fit my machine.
The cookies expire in two weeks!!!
Bought for my stepson
it is ok but not best!
Did not care for the flavor
The flavor was not there and it was a tad bit dry!
decent but under a pound in weight. I feel they should have gone a little over vs a little under
I think they could have tasted fresher.
Were much smaller than expected
It is ok but the taste is not strong enough
Made my veggies slimy.  Will use a lot less in the future
Not enough frosted flakes
I dislike the portion some bags had 3 chips
No peppermint patties as listed in box.
I prefer Costco's.
We will use this up but do not like it enough to repurchase it.
I always use this product daily in the evening a big cup of hot tea.
Expired too soon
The flavor was meh... I did not really like it... but it was not repellant. Will not buy again.
You could tell the quality is not high but its coffee and it will do.
The chips were expired
damaged  cans  in  box  i need to ask  a  question  about  this  item
Just not my thing.
Cans were all dented in.
Bags are very tiny
As expected per description.
2 of the of the canistwe were buseed
Pricey for quality
They are noodles but not much zing in the flavoring.
Flavor of caramel. Yuk
There was virtually no flavor of coconut at all
Not the same taste as from years ago. Not as tart
had one can damaged , leaking juice
It is not tasty and overprised
as a gift, no feedback
These are what you would expect
It is good, but expensive.
I do not get what the big fuss is about. It is still green tea.
I love this stuff, but sadly, it arrived melted.
There white stuff like a mold stuck on the chocolate
It worked grate after I received the plunger
Too salty and  overpriced.
Such a bitter after taste! I could not eat them
Kind Of cheesy package but I have not brewed it up yet.
At least very lacking in flavor town.
Kind of expensive, Only time will tell
I did not realize that this was coffee that you cannot use in an electric percolator
I like the product but when I received it the product was busted
Goya is better, but unfortunately Goya is not organic
Use them in lunches for family
These do not seem to be as fresh and crispy as other brands.
I did not notice but I think this reads Borthday instead of Birthday.
I supposed to received 6 sardines but I received only 5 of it..
Chocolate had melted
Nothing unusual,  got what I expected
Not as flavorable as expected
Not quite the flavor I was looking for
He did not like it as well as others.
Great product horrible to use.  Every time you open a tea bag it rips the top.
Definitely not as flavorful as I was hoping
Did Not like the taste of it
Has a chemical taste.  It is creamy but I cannot put my finger on what it tastes like.
Did not like some of the flavors
Alright in a pinch, but nothing I would serve again.
I am personally not a fan of the taste....
cap came broken and a nice mess in the box....thanks
Very tasty and a convenient way to get your ACV, but it is too expensive to constantly have.
I guess that less than 50% peanuts means 49% peanuts. Many almonds but not much else.
Did Not really like the flavor.
Has a slightly bitter taste
looks bigger in pic but was tasty.
same for this brand, used pumpkin spice creme to flavor it up
This claims to be a stand up box, please note that it is just a regular bag.
Should have double checked the size
My product arrived smashed and melted
If your mom had Carmel overflowing everywhere and was crunchy
I like the raspberry flavor, but the coffee is pretty weak.
Some cups tasted weaker/different than others.
Very concentrated...1 or 2 drops for my coffee. Taste is ok...not what i expected
It is okay, pretty weak flavor. Not sure how the reviews say otherwise..
Not intreste the kide
Fast shipping. Just did not like the very short expiration date when I got them.
Good quality but a bit expensive.
The item as supposed to be Twilight Delight version, but it was not.
Very bitter for a Serrano sauce. I will eat it but will try a different one next time.
Was supposed to get 2 got 1
Very small package. I expected more---and I have tasted much better Agen prunes.
It is ok not to bad but I prefer regular simple old bbq
I was surprised how bitter the mix at first sip was but I acclimate by the time I finish it
it is acceptable
Disliked that it was shown as rainbow multi colors but recd only orange & yellow in bouquet.
Very small but cute. It is plastic but seems sturdy
Not as flavorful as I am accustomed to eating!
This coffee was incredibly flat and bitter  tasting. We will not be purchasing this again.
The nuts themselves were excellent.  The price was outrageous.  Will not order again!
Not all the packages have the same amount.
This did not produce the same flavor as the smaller bottles.
Does not taste like a cinnamon roll. Beware of the belching after drinking.
Ate years ago. Do not seem to taste the same
Several of the tea kcups were damaged and leaking product this time.
Very acidic. I use for sauce. Also very poorly packed,6 of the 12 cans very damage.
Been a while taste seem to have changed
Kids liked them, but I tasted one and they are kind of awful.
tastes good,too expensive,like all monkfruit products.
The price is astronomical 
Did not like the price increase !
The bars are very small and I do not like the taste very much. My 12 year old son loves them though!
Very dry and in crumbles when I received them..
These are sweet, they are not supposed to be flavored but they are just not great.
It has a raspberry and chemical taste to it. I will not purchase again.
Most of them were broken
Even chocolate candy tastes like gum.
Itwas too spicy for me....
adds flavor and is salty if you like that
Hi please replace one bottle
About 4 bite and it was gone....
It was too little for the price! It tasted ok. But it was not enough frosting on it.
I planted the whole bag and only 17 germinated.
Not great flavor but the tins are cool.
Will seemed to be written the degree of roast. Is it mild or dark roast?
Way Too much sugar and not enough space
I love all the nuts but when I chewed it taste like cardboard sorry to say that
Dislike only because box was damaged and obviously before packaged
Lower price for items
the box was damaged and opened
I wanted the smaller chunks, had to crush these myself
This is a lot smaller than I was expecting and it was missing the stars.
Not sour for sour gummies worms.
Coffee is weak (medium blend) and has a strange, chemical taste. At least it is cheap.
One of the 10 was leaking
I could still taste this in every thing I added it to.
I usually buy this when I go to whole foods. When I had it delivered it was partially rotten.
Box was sealed as was all individual bars - but one package had 1/2 bar.  and it was sealed.
These are skinless and boneless not what the photo shows
I received short expiration date products that was May 2017.
the sparkle does not last long
I do not know how I feel about this. I cannot tell if this has actually helped me or not.
there was no cheese taste.
Too buttery, not enough flavor.
Not a fan of the taste.
For my taste....my only box.
I like rice noodles but these break easier then the stringy rice (Thai brand) noodles.
just a little to much snickers
I would have accepted it even if it was melted because I could have cut it in squares myself
Leaves a bit of an aftertaste compared to others.
I have had dried limes before that produced a much sweeter tea.
There are NO directions on how to use or prepare!!!
Too greasy and too salty, do not recommend
The dried ones do not taste like the fresh ones.
Expensive but taste good
About 1/3 of the box I purchased has curdled creamers.
Was not very flavorful & texture like eating cardboard
They were stale and not fresh like the Fresh Groceries cookies which arrived at the same time.
Smooth, creamy and slightly nutty.  About the middle of the pack as far as Mascarpones go.
Very thin, there is not enough stuffing to enjoy
Not a fan of the flavor of this coffee
Much smaller than pictured.
I did not read where this was runny it is almost liquid
Pretty, but thin and did not hold it is shape. Like it was cut on a cricket. Dollar Tree quality.
not the taste we expected
This pita is dry. Would not buy it again..
I ordered the variety and only received strawberry lemonade 2 out of 4 kids like it !
I made a mistake getting the 8 oz bottles I should have gotten the  16 oz bottles.
I thought it was a 6 pack but its only three. We love the flavor but just to expensive
i am still trying to get used to it..
Fun,  but the frosting is not very sticky.  A little high priced, as it is tiny.
A couple was soggy inside
Most of the chips were broken
I ordered 8 flavors; but I was only sent 2.  Applets and cotlets.  Incorrect advertising!
just tastes like soy sauce would not recommend
Taste is still good but much drier than the one I bought from a grocery store. Disappointed.
two-star flavor  four-star value
Very tart and somewhat sour
Ham was not fresh, the taste and smell was off.  Only had a day or two on sell by date.
Not hot or garlic tasting, good crunch, very expensive for a small jar of pickles.
Smaller than I expected- donated to Food pantry- did not taste
It was not very strong but decent taste
Hula Girl is really not worth it...too high a price for too little coffee.
Popcorn was fresh but reduced quantity per bag have decreased along with the amount of caramel.
Ordered 2 bottles. 1 was broke when arrived.
A lot of powder in the bag.
For some reason the product smells like chemicals.
not much sour dough taste and really dry texture
The flavor is not like I am used to in a Charleston Chew. It is to soft and sugary.
normal drinking not so much, a mixer is not too bad.  other flavors are better
I know white Miso is sweeter than other types but this one is really sweet not strong Miso flavor.
It was ok onlynot chirimoya flavor.. and I  found it too expensive
This will be rated in the summer because granddaughters will be the resters.
Taste okay but hard to get it mixed well
WHy is there NO Old Fashioned with Recipe Guide?
This product does not taste good.  Bad aftertaste
Could of been fresher
Do not order this in the summer the candy was completely damaged and it was inedible
I like on fruit but not tea or coffee
These are not very coconutty (I know that is not a word).
$25 for a six cookies. It is not worth for international shipping
Need a large slow cooker.
There was not 60 packs of cookies in my shipment. Someone must have been hungry while packing!
Not much flavor but I think with practice using them that can change.
Loved the cake topper but it was just expensive for what you received.
They work very well but for me the taste was not what I expected.
two cans were dented but then its delivery
These bottles are always leaking in my bag! Can you please keep the water stocked??
Need for  Recipe
The sausage got old tasting within 5 days
it is ok but the shipping fee is  expensive
peanuts dried out needs a long soak before boiling. taste not great but ok
Seeds sprouted.  Cannot judge until the peppers are mature.
The intense flavor of missing here.
Did not work all dead. But full refund me.
"Thought they were bags of ""mini"" gummis."
Banana bread!!! Keeps well in airtight container. Enough in this order to do lots of things with.
Careful, burn your lips right off. Burned all the way to my stomach.
These tasted as expected but were a little stale. We did not eat very many due to this.
It was very dry. Tasted old perhaps from last year? Will not buy again.
Tastes great, but expensive for these small tubs
Ok but not great
Do not like the taste.
Delivery was just fine but popcorn was stale.
Add to rice cooking, next time, sauteed add to veggies
Number offered not correct. Sent only two. Very runny.
Did not like that they had sugar alcohol in them Will not buy again because of that reason
Good taste but simply too small sizes for the price, not worth it, just my 2 cents review.
There is not much product in the pouch. For the price you do not get much per serving
Product was tasty.
This arrived as chocolate mint not regular chocolate
I am not moved by anything about this coffee, underwhelming period.
Does not really taste like the Indian Maggi
Great product but horrible price
Old outdated product sold as fresh new.
Tasty as all traditional medicinal teas
Smaller than expected and dried out. The deep dish at Costco for $9.99 is much better.
They came melted and stuck together.
Just not what I expected. I was looking for the short bread with sprinkles of sugar.
Did not work as well as I thought it would for thickening gravy.
Not my favorite, thin on flavor, a little bitter.
Arrived on time and I like the product, but the price is definitely too high for the product.
Bought in case of emergency, thank the Lord, no emergency happened as of yet?
Only received one box of the kcups
They taste okay but I just got tired of them...
It is just concentrated soy sauce.
These things are snack size and there is not a lot there not sure it is worth the money.
Not sure it keeps anything fresh.
does what it is suppose to do.
My son loves doing this one chip challenge.
Ordered by mistake and can not return. I wanted Coconut Sugar.
Great tea with cold water. Only last about 3 days then flavor start to taste spoiled
Granddaughter in college did not like the flavor
I do not. Like that tangy ,Viniger taste and that is what this stubs has a lot of !!
Tastes like licorice.
Not a fan of the taste.
I noticed a lot of empty shells.
this version does not really taste like caramel at all?
Product is old; not fresh
Not the same flavor as the one in the small glass bottle with the exact same name!
Not a great. I wish it had more of an apricot flavor.
I do not know what to put
Yuck  these are rancid.
Tastes good..Better than yellow Mac and cheese...Over priced...May buy again..
Staler than what you can get in the grocery store
very bland, but ok, ill use to eat clean
The package only came with 9 vanilla beans not 10.
G-kids ate them before I could put them away!
Although delivery was very prompt. Product seems diluted, have to use double the amount.
Expensive. Healthy. Not much taste
I only got 3 of 4 boxes
The chocolate is old or the temperature it was stored at in the warehouse was not appropriate.
this is a gut bomb. you will not have to eat for 6 hrs. is that good or bad
the box was opened!
They where meh  they were not as tasty as they look
it is not what I expected
Did not receive chocolate
good but expensive
"Chicken could use some flavor. Tried to soak it in the ""sauce"" which was watery. To many potatoes."
This is such an easy snack, the garlic taste is a little overpowering.
Great prices, but some of the packets were rock hard and no good. :/
not as cheese flavored as I had hoped
Too much sugar.  Half that amount would be borderline acceptable.
but it only fills up a cup half way.  not enough for a whole cup of coffee.  not worth the price.
Do not like melted candy. Ice pack included does not do the job.
Flavor was decent Cookies are you hard to breed
Crumbly and minimal flavor. Way overpriced.
The candies ( about 25% ) were broken and chipped. Of course they taste great but were not pretty.
The amount of fish was surprisingly smaller than expected.
The cookies tasted good, but they arrived broken into small pieces from shipping.  13 dollars?
It is like vanilla cake with strawberry
not what i was expecting
I prefer the crunchy variety.
The product packaging looked like it was open already and 1 candybar was missing.
Product arrived open and is not eligible for return or exchange
When I received the product the box was torn and bent up.
How is 48 ounces divided by 18 3 cents an ounce?
i have over ordered this one
It has no info about where it came from.
Did not care for the taste Tumeric was over powering
Some of them were very good. But some of them were very bad!
Nothing good or extra bad.
I do not like the flavor.  Like eating sticks.
Lays chips in this flavor are twice as tasty.
Flavor not very pronounced. Sweet enough.
Not like other earl grays. Very intense.
Not big on the taste but was shipped in a timely fashion.
So many of the tiny candy and not enough of the little bigger ones
these chiclets were not as I remember they .  I guess things change.
For the price I wish it was bigger
Use this as my coffee in the morning, not great but easy to use (as are all k-pods).
It did not taste like cheese was very disappointed but besides that it was pretty good
Not to my taste.
It is simple, no the best but no the worst
Box had been repackaged poorly, only 22 bars of chocolate in the bbn ox, not 24 as advertised.
Better than some low sodium but not good Will not repurchase
The flavor is not great, but for keto it is not bad.
seems fine; but can find similar products for less money.
I like this gum but the flavor does not last and it is very sticky.
I do not think this helps
Do not care for the cinnamon taste
These do in a pinch but they are really dry.
Truly assists with weight loss.
Most of the chips tasted stale and we are within a month of their expiration date. Will not buy again
I am not a fan of the Tarter sauce,It lacks the flavor of horseradish or something tangy.
A lot of under-filled cans of red Bull in this case
not excellent Chinese tea but good enough to purchase in US.
Not much on taste or quantity
I mistakenly did not read that this is chopped nuts WITH flour. This is not macadamia nut flour.
These sprinkles were so cute for my galaxy themed cake but they tasted weird.
A lot coarser texture than I am used to.
Ingredient:  Soy Ended up giving it away.
Did not care for the flavor.  Tastes to much like evaporated milk and instant coffee.
These things looked like pigeon wings.
There is to much salt and not enough seasoning.
Good flavors but too expensive
Hardly any orange mostly just the peel which is very bitter.
Not as much chocolate taste as I expected.
The artichokes were very course and tough.
Fruit cocktail in syrup As expected
Bought these for my husband and he says they used to have a sweeter coating but these did not.
I docked 2 stars because they say 'Pork and Beans', yet contain only beans.
Has more sodium per serving than my usual salad dressing. Might not be an issue for other people.
I just did not like that if the product comes damaged I cannot return or refund.
Extra virgin or should be dark green with a little bit of hot spice test
used once not much taste
Pumpkin seeds overpower the taste.
Not a lot of flavor. I do not really recommend.
Make certain you understand you are getting a SINGLE BOTTLE for this price.
If you do not add lemon juice, the tea has no flavor at all
My order was supposed to have the color wheel/guide included.  It did not!
These pine nuts are much smaller than expected
This is the shortest long grain rice that I have ever seen, purchased or used!!
I received Grade B.  Cannot use it my way.
these are weird but fun
ate because I had to
I actually purchased these meals for my uncle
The crisps were very dry and tasted like crunchy cheese doodles.
Pretty sour! Thought I would give it a try!
Buy these at your grocery store. They are significantly smaller on Amazon.
I had high hopes for this hot chocolate mix but it has a really weird taste and after taste.
This is okay, but I have to use it with other teas -- I still do not like the taste of green tea.
I am not picky but this hazel nut coffee lacks in flavor.
It is ok but not the flavor I was looking for. sorry.
This is how I received my package today! There was a hole in one of the tubes.
Four out of six cans were dented
Daughter ate it on occasion. Seemed to like this some days and not others.
One of the two packets was thorn when it arrived.
Peach cobbler flavour was horrible, red velvet was okay and the lemon flavour was good
Just was not what I hoped for. . .
Not my cup of tea, did not like flavor
Keeping for an emergency
Ok, seem a little on the soft, soggy side compared to other Brazil Nuts I have had.
The flavor has been good but the can was dented. Afraid to open
One of the cans of tuna was crushed and dented in so have to throw it away.
Have not had long enough to rate
I use it for adding taste, as a topper. I thought it was going to be in olive oil but it was not.
These jelly beans did not taste like Laffy taffy at all. I gave them away!
I am not sure why but this brand does not seem to stay fresh as long in the crisper.
Not much bacon flavor
the nibs are very tiny. I was looking for something about the same size as chocolate chips.
my wife has some gluten issue that recently arose so i wanted to try this i did not like it
Not bad, not great, EZ to use
shipping was slow but the product is not bad at all
smaller than what you would buy at Sam's or local grocery
Only the price is too high when i bought this...it was like fifteen bucks for one bag.
They used to have so much flavor. Very bland taste
Thought I would give it a try.  No complaints
I do not know if I am just spoiled, or these have no flavor. Either way, I do not recommend.
Not very creamy.
The bubble gum flavor lasts for about 15 minutes the its just gum
Can cane dented pretty bad but ither then that its okay.
It was a little too sweet for me. I have been cutting back on sugar so everything is too sweet.
May be to moist for my grinder.
Lacking dasi flavor makes this item 3 stars.
The pump does not work. Please replace the pump
Oh and it looks like that because I took the wrapper off
Very over priced. The taste and size not worth it.
A lot of damaged cans
Did not care for the taste
I would not purchase again probably, but if someone served them to me I would eat it.
Expiration date was 3/22/2022
Not the flavor I expected. I expected more salty and roasted flavor...
I am so disappointed in this flavor considering how good the chocolate coconut and the vanilla taste
it is meat in a can
When I open the the package I saw that there were two that was ripped
Nice packaging.  Flavor was not there.  Very faint. Taste.  A bit too subtle for me to enjoy
They say is good for different medical conditions. Smell like chicken coop hance the name.
I did not like the fact that an individual Starburst counted as a bag of candy.
Flavor is on the sweet side. Needs a little zest
Not crunchy enough for roasted peanuts.
It was okey but I did not tasted the freshness of the product .
Really SUPER expensive honey.  Just buy the normal stuff - no need to import it.
Some of the beans are not cooked through.
Crackers are kind of stale
Title says it all...will not buy again.
hvent tried product as it spilled out
Not bad, but not great. Smaller than it appears not as fresh as I would have hoped
Apples had blemishes
Probably 30% rocks.
Compared to Red Mill, the baked goods were lumpier
Come 'on Coca Cola - use Florida OJ.  We need the business!
Little messy, the Taste is decent.
Has a strang taste
I guess tea was old. No flavor
I expected the roast to be a little darker. This was just a tad too light for my taste.
Thee are with very short use dates especially for cheese.
Fast delivery,  but it just is not worth the calories for non-dairy.
I like Heat This one however gets Hot half way down my throat/ chest OUCH
containers leak after you open the seal.
Brown Sugar Bacon Jerky Candied Bacon
Nothing extra. Just tuna. Overpriced.
6 cans were damaged and empty from leak
My fav evening snack. Only downsidequite pricey for only four bags.
Watch out the price!
Addition to curry masala
Is it me or did the packet size change its smaller
Tasty gum, but loses flavor quickly.
Good espresso coffee beans...but, a little disappointed with the slightly bitter taste.
Cannot taste the flavors.
pretty small bag for the  price,  not bag flavor though
This kit did not have enough candy in it!
I drink this usually.. last batch too strong and a hint of??? Burn.. bitter.. something!!!
Got the wrong flavor.. ordered teriyaki. Got sweet and spicy.
Not that strong and too expensive for a cool looking bag and a sticker.
Same shape but not the butter flavor I remember.
From one box of pods three have left ground in the cup. No one likes chewy coffe.
too many butterfingers, not a good mix
Almost all the cookies were broken. The ones on the top were melted.
A little stale (kind of hard).  Not the usual soft bite. C. Dorsey
Not mixed well, messy.
Just so so. Probably will not buy again.
Seems to be a lot of stems, other than a hard piece every so often the taste is not bad.
ow strong stuff only need a little has bite
Only received 45 packets when the description said it was for 50.
HAD LOTS OF LUMPS LIKE IT WAS IN STOCK FOR A LONG TIME HAD A CHALK LIKE TASTE.
Loses its flavor really quick.
Has big kernals that can break your teeth inside the caramel pops. Would not buy again
It was ok, it just is not warm enough for us compared to other dry Tikka Masala blends we have tried.
Nothing special in flavor, and do not understand why it is that expensive...
The beans were extremely dry
I made some ice cream and put this flavoring in it and it turned out well
Only semi worked, not sure why this product has so much hype.
Not to mention the nutrition information is in a foreign language! Low salt, low carbs, tasty.
Hey it is yeast and I make a lot of bread
Did not have a natural lemon taste. Tasted like the concentrated lemon juice you get from a bottle.
Its too salty but its okey
Need to use as soon as possible.  Not incredibly fresh
Good, but not great taste. Fairly low sugar.
Very small cookies not bad taste but rip off price .
A little bit salty. and the price is higher than local store...
Ehhh not really that minty no matter how long I steep it
One of the jars were leaking when delivered.
They are OK. Hazelnut flavor tastes a little too fake.
This taste fine but I did not realize it has artificial ingredients, will not purchase again.
I bought these for dry mouth and have not noticed a difference. They are not very minty.
Wanted large sugar crystals, but these are not large.
I bought it for my step girls and although some parts were broken they still enjoyed it.
They taste like old candy and dust.
Bitter.  Not the coffee I am used to but needed a decaf
Tastes good for sugarless, however,, the shipping makes this way too expensive.
"They pop, but there was more ""dust"" than rock in my packages.  Flavor was not great."
When I cut it open the oil dripped out and made a mess
Ultimately I had to take lid off and pour into a device meant for bagged ground coffee.  Pain!!
Not a super huge fan of the taste of these.  It is a bit... weird.  Especially with milk.
Some chips were deflated and kind of stale.
Way smaller than described.
Bought for my grandkids. Bought in December and expiration date was January.
Has a very loose consistency and a very mild flavor that I found disappointing
they are my favorites, but the price was a tad high for me. Might only buy them once a moth.
bag smaller than I expected - not enough for the cost.
Works, That is it!
The only thing I did not like was that it was 3 months from the expiration date.
Coughing medication
not much of a variety.
Maybe it is excellent quality product,  but way to small and expensive.
Note: Do not eat these beans if you have a peanut allergy!
not how I remembered it
Did not care for it.
Not what I expected
It is one of my favorites
Not very pungent. Need a stronger flavor of onion.
Normally, my chili turns out great.  These turned out terrible with an odd flavor.
Too spicy but not enough flavor.
It is alright. Watch temp of water. Too hot will cause bitter brew.
Not sure why but they were somewhat bitter at first.
Soup great but dented tins very disappointing.
One of the jars has no label.
Not what I thought it would be
Not spicy enough
Nothing to write home about
Everything arived as per with the order
Many pieces were broken upon opening.
Not buttery tasting
No, I was accident order the wrong one. Not my favorite.
A bit lighter then medium blend.
I will order the drawstring bags from now on.
Several busted oil all over. Gave popcorn oily flaver
Sunflower oil is not preferred
I have not noticed the benefits yet; maybe to soon.
This was misleading.  I was under the impression that I would receive 100 packs
Some strawberries were rotten; others too green.  About 1/3 just right.
But these look smaller than the last batch i got back in 10/21
It is oKay very small with big price.
Not of the quality I had hoped for.
It is blue, but definitely not the shade that is shown in the photo.
almost all the cans are dented...could hardley open with can opener.....
The flavor is a bit weird but not bad.
The anise flavor is very faint. Wish it had more flavor.
It will do in a pinch good not great!
Until I open the foil, I realized the lid is to the product is missing
The product arrived damaged. The bag was torn
Not the same, to small, same taste
Not the taste I was looking for.
Bottles all cracked when I opened the box
Did not care for it like I thought I would
For the price not good but for a quick gift with a little of everything not bad
Not so good, Somewhat stale.
Some of them did not work with Keurig 2.0 and I got a lot of coffee grounds in cup
Very green when I got them. Went directly to overripe.
WAY TO EXPENSIVE FOR A THICKED SOY SAUCE  WITH A LITTLE MORE FLAVOR. Definitely not worth $14
These were fresh but a few had an odd taste. Like soap.
Paid way to much for this probably will be looking somewhere else next time
The price is a bit high, the taste is the same as the supermarket bought
Eggs not as big nor as much flavor as they used to be.
At $4 a serving, a bit pricey for what you get. Suggest you serve with soy sauce on the side.
I have hypothyroidism and should not use this often.
Good coffee for price, but a little weak.
It truly lacks flavor.
The taste of the noodles and the beef were funky
I would give the product 5 stars if it had nutritional information on the label.
Spicy chicken and pork are too sweetbut loved beefnext time I will buy the beef only
They are good but bags are small, not worth it for the price, also they are not filled all the way
I did not care for the flavor of these.
They all stick together in one solid clump.
Next time would order w/o the salt
Other reviews gave 5 stars, I cannot see the big deal.
what it actually looks like
No xtraordinary flavor.
The taste is not exactly the same as regular wheat thins, but it is not bad.
Taste like instant coffee not a desirable taste for me
Took longer in microwave than indicated on pkg.
All my cans were dented and two of them were empty
It is expensive, but you are paying for the convenience. The taste is OK.
it taste alright
Not dark enough roast for my taste--more med-dark than dark.
not enough regular coffees
Tasty but way over priced!
Decent but way less than expected. No nutrient label on package
Ordered this to be red and it looks pink!!
Good item for pranks but price is crazy
Says it ships with a freezer pack.  Mine did not hopefully the candy are not all melted
Okay but took expensive.
Saving for next year
would like to buy as one time purchase by its self.
Used it to make scones.
Flavor was OK. No WOW when I tasted it on chicken.
I did not like the flavor
The containers were mashed up when I opened the box  What do I do
I STILL DO NOT KNOW WHAT IT TASTES  LIKE, BUT IT DEFINITELY IS NOT MUSHROOMS.
these should be soft not crunchy and melt in your mouth, kind of stale.
Box arrived opened. Like my Earl Grey organic decaf.
Was not sour enough
This was just ok. Texture was rather thin & flavor was lacking.
I hope they taste good because they were pretty expensive for such a small number.
Using this in my soda maker, I have to use several pumps to make it have any flavor.
Definitely old, but still tastes the same.
It is so small the packages thought it is big to much price.
Taste is lacking.
Big oreo fan, but these were not worth it
It broke after a couple weeks in my office.
This flavor is meh
It was flat. Not nearly as effervescent as the water in the green bottles.
I do not care for this popcorn.  It has almost no flavor.
It is NOT 100% pomegranate juice.
Skin, fins, bones are  not removed
Not sure if actually French Vanilla.  Tasted more like Hazelnut.
Good tasting, but too expensive
Spicy? Maybe a little. Not that different from regular Ketchup..
I found if I use 2 bags of regular tea with 2 bags of this earl grey it is not as bitter
should have specified they were plastic. I needed glass for medical reasons.
These were a trifle bit bland but very crisp.
Received 2 boxes-- 1 box expired April 24,2022 I love these cookies it sad that one box expired
not a fruiti olive oil at all  was not what i was expecting
A bit...heavy.....would to purchase again
Nothing zesty or spicy about it. They all taste the same.
Quick to fix but not worth the money
flavor for q seconds.  then garbage
Disappointed that the best by is so short after received the product.
The product is way over priced!
Just a tip - this stuff is a bout 1/3 the price at the grocery store.
Just water with a hint of fruit taste
I expected this to have a little more flavor.  Can barely taste the passion fruit.
I wish I could have selected pot color. Also did not receive rocks, just the fisherman.
Overall they were not bad, but they were harder then I expected.
Only hint of raspberry.
Not bad but not great
Alright, will not buy again.
Not what you would expect from Mrs. Buttersworth. Thin consistency and flavor is just ok.
Good but expensive
Not great. Not bad.
Not what I would hoped for, but It is just a personal taste thing.
Pay attention to the cost per ounce. Not a good value. Better can be found at Aldi
Mixture is not authentic. Too much sumac
I did not prefer it over olive oil and it was more expensive.
It is not as chocolate flavor as it used to be
Great product! Shipping time was a lil slow & the cold pact had completely melted 
a little bland...not spicy enough
very salty, use moderately
Not as full bodied as I care for in a dark roast coffee
Did not read the small print, the packages were super tiny.
Tasty coffee for old school pod machines
Addictive. I cannot stop getting up and eating them in the middle of the night.
It said its for 2 people portion. It is an one person portion in reality.
I received only one packet instead of the two I was told
Good stuff, but it irritates my (68 yr old) prostate, so I cannot use it.  Too bad.
I prefer the original.  These have less flavor and are dry.
If you like gristle this is the snack for you.
A bit too ketchupy
Just as remember from long ago.
They were ok to try. Not sure if I will purchase again due to diet.
They were a bit weak but still OK
The sugar overrides any actual flavor.
A little thin on the fillings, but nice variety.
Does not spray that well...
Do not like the after taste
Pop tarts seemed very dry
Price went up again after I buy
Product came in damaged
These have no flavor.  Just none.  I have seven little packages left.  I am going to just toss them.
I got this thinking there would be less calories than regular coleslaw dressing but it is the same.
Seemed old and partially melted.  Using it for Halloween Candy.
If you want garlic do not get this. No flavor
This was ok. Edible, but left a weird aftertaste in my opinion.
Red Hots. What else to say.
they will probably lose a lot of flavor and go rancid before i eat them
The bag was not sealed and leaked during transport.
I find this to be far too bland a spice for me.
Taste just like the Island Allspice seasoning
Hmmm. Pretty bland if you ask me. I had to add chile pepper flakes to them to jazz them up.
Not bad,but quite salty.
not HOT enough could have been some hot peppers in it or something to make them hotter  !
A little too much like wine vinegar and not enough like balsamic.  Needs work
Tasted a bit funky
the hog tie tool is a joke, had to use pliers
They tend to not be sealed and leak all over the place.
Expiration date was good but still stale and not crisp
Is it supposed to have a seaweed smell?
Strange consistency. Smoky flavor.
These. Seeds when boiled do not release as much gel substance as the dark ones.
Sticking together
This product is not organic although it said it was in amazon
The meat was old
Decent taste but I would have to agree with the other reviewers that it is a little salty.
A little too sweet for my liking
They put them in a mailbox marshmallow peeks they melted some will not order again
I do not  like the taste.
Arrived in broken containersvery difficult to open safely
I use it for cooking, seems to work well
Cap does not really screw on
Price might make me shop around.
It meet the minimum for my lychee martini recipe.
There was way too many bad nuts in the mix
It is just poutry seasoning. Got it day after Thanksgiving
Some of the cans of milk arrived bashed in.  No leakage.
I prefer pineapple Smartwater but they no longer carry that product!
Highway robbery to get only 3 for that price!!
Too sweet. We have to throw half of it.
Same as other people have said, does not have the punch that the lemon lime flavor has.
It is good but not a best product. Organic but tests not bitter as other but ands
Package crushed lost one container of corn flakes.
The caramel does not taste like real strawberry, but i like the center cream.
There were some  damaged ones. Turning brown.
A little bit too sweet tasting.
They are too salty for me.
This product was rotten.  All of them.
Baking cookies for my elderly neighbors
It has all the ingredients you would need for making your own zaatar, but it tastes a bit stale.
DID NOT CARE FOR THE TASTE, HOWEVER, IT IS A MATTER OF OPINION AND TASTE, EVERYONE IS DIFFERENT.
the she will falls off of nuts and turns into crumbs
Did not arrive in a proper cold pack so was warm when arrived.
Much smaller than I thought they would be. Only a few inches tall. Total with stick maybe 6 inches.
recieved the items opened
Love this but wayyyyyy to expensive.
Some of The cans were bent
Eat them quickly because they go bad fast
Pricy. Bought for container only.
As others have noted, the flavor is short on rhubarb.
Sent 1 pack instead of 3
Weak coffee. Okay for decals, not a lot of flavor.
did have the punch i am looking for in a sauce
The taste was there, but with no soft bit the originals had in the center.
Haft size bottles.
Good, but some were bitter, like they were bad.
you can buy the Silk brand for 15$
They did not glow, but it is a Kit Kat
Not enough adobo flavor to balance amount you have to use before food gets too salty.
Very salty I buy sea moss regularly but this brand I do not care for
prefer stronger-tasting coffee but this has the caffeine content i like
The delivery is taking over a month
Definitely not minty enough. Not worth the price
Used for smoothies with chocolate
Will gum up you mechine
Very strong brews.... dark roasts are DARK!
We will see, Thank you!
Not as tasty as Brachs
Not coarse enough for my cooking needs.
Oddly, too thin for pure maple syrup, like it was watered down. Full flavored.
Really like the Terrasoul brand but these dates were dry. Medjool dates should be moist.
not marshal fields but they willl do
Would have preferred this to be non gmo.
Pros: tastes a lot like the movie popcorn from my childhood Cons: lots of hulls 
They were a little drier than normal
Taste left a bit too be desired. Not as much frosting as I needed.
It is expensive for a size but is good.
I think I paid too much for this. There is an equivalent at Ranch 99 that is less per ounce.
Had an oily taste, not as fresh as other brands
Not much lemon flavor.
I got different flavors from the ones described.
I thought it would be strong.  It is a pretty weak coffee for it to be called supreme. Not satisfied
I did not even notice how much sodium one serving has. not good for health .
not much there and run of the mill frozen food
The price 11.25 for one Apple.
Candies are larger than expected
The package only brings 6 cream filled the rest are hard chewy chocolate.
I mango but this had a chemical taste.  I would not recommend
Has coconut in it which I do not like. But does not say it has coconut in it.
Not worth the (in my opinion) high price.
The amount of product was minimal for the price.. ironically there were no nuts
I disliked its flavor was to mild and by that I mean not the temperature
It was really hard to deal with as far as workabilty goes. I did not like that it was too salty .
Ok for kid. Not as flavorful as expected some were broken
not as good as i hoped it would be but all in all it is not that bad i guess, thanks
Used for tea. Crystallized and stayed that way even after heating it up.
cotton candy is airy.  this one is too compact.
The taste the size of the box
Cannot consume my beer without it, hope they get a cheese one
I guess I do not really need organic.
taste good but a little too hard to chew
The flavors taste the same, no variety.
Edible.  Not as tasty as I expected.
They are a little smaller than I am used to.
They all taste like the same flavor. Would not buy again.
Do not care for the taste.
Was not really ready for how dense they cook up
These are tiny, smell odd and the taste is off.
They do take around a minute depending on your microwave
The fig flavor is excellent but the cookie portion is so dry and firm that it almost tastes stale.
just way over priced.
Used on everything.
Eh I did not like the flavor
Allot of Random Flavors Fun if you like trying different things
Too fine grated. Hard to use in a  salt shaker.
A lot of duds with air popper, will try pot method later.
extremely  sugary, otherwise like classic graham crackers
Save your money and order from a local restaurant!
Did not have enough flavor
mehh I prefer death wish coffee, could have been me but it was a bit bitter to my taste.
A lot was fresh. But a couple was stale 
The flavor was not really there. The flavor is off.
so far it has helped me to fall asleep earlier.
Tougher than gummy bears. Not a fan.
These were short rolls and not worth the money
We get this one (our 2nd choice) when our first choice is not available.
Not as tasty as I thought it would be
not what i expected
a must have to variety  in daily meal planning
Need to have taste.
Nothing special- overpriced for a tiny dry cake
It is not the best. It is not the worst. Middle of the road. Taste, of course, is subjective.
Too spicy for my taste.
A bit bitter, fake acrid chemical taste, dog loved it with his rice.
You can find this for 4.00 a loaf
Rather mild, little pricey
Not enough chocolate flavor ... too much coconut taste
Personally, it was runny. I thought it would be thicker. My mistake.
They were mostly short stems and not thirty amounts is a rip off.
Cannot read the messages, candy too hard, flavors are strange and weak.  It did come quickly.
Price was high. The size of the food in the package was small in volume.
Tasty buy very moist/wet. Jerky is supposed to be fairly dry.
Taste like they have no sugar
There is no excuse for instant coffee grounds. So it is just coacoa
Good chocolate but very expensive Chocolate chips from the store can do the job
I prefer Larissa's Kitchen beef sticks.
Would have preferred full milk or full dark. Combo was a little weird to me.
The post was deceiving as it showed three packages and I received only one.
upset my stomach but arrived timely
Lacks the tangy rhubarb essence.
Too breast inside
Arrived beat up and spilling everywhere.
They look like they have been sitting around and then tossed around for years. They are discolored.
The noodles are great but the item was poorly shipped and arrived broken, wet, and open
They tasted old.
It is a sweet kettle corn with Garlic, Salt and a slight burn. I think it is a bit too salty.
good but too expensive to want to buy again
I wish I could buy this product made and processed under UsS FDA suoervision.
Convenient. But my can was damaged.
it not work at it should
Misleading in the price.  Price is for  48oz bottle not 64 pz
Product great - but The cans were all dented and ugly what happened ?
Not much if a tea drinker, so I cannot say much, I gave it away
Two of the packages were opened and had to be thrown away. The two packages need to be replaced
They do not freeze
Tasty product, but expiration date too close to the time of delivery.
Flavor is good but it does not last long and the gum gets hard.
Got my order ontime, but no cold pack to keep chocolate from melting. Not happy with that.
The flavor is a bit strange.
I thought the flakes would be bigger
Why did it come like that? Unsealed?
I ordered a pack of 36 and only got 25
Does this coffee have low caffeine or decaf I am not getting much effects from it ???
eh...kind of bitter
Blueberry sucks. Red and green are just okay
Lacked taste.  Will not buy again.
The brides face is too angry looking, otherwise it is an ok buy.
Eat this with water. You will not go hungry.
It left my coffee's flavor competing with its coconut flavor.  I did not particularly care for that.
There were a lot of the Reese's peanut butter cups not fully wrap, the candy was exposed.
smaller box than I thought would be and took a little long to ship
MOST ALL COOKIES WAS BROKEN. COST WAY TO MUCH FOR BROKEN COOKIES.THANKS.
"The flavor has a bit of a ""kick"" to it."
They definitely have appeal.
It is pretty bland.  I end up adding a bit to my norma coffee..
taste leaves very quick.. too hard.
Stale, so of course the taste was not as good.
Not really much taste for honey but the price for 5 lb you cannot beat
Flavor is not like I remember. Freshness is not too bad. Great price
The rice krispies treats was not in the box!!
I was expecting a creamy shake! I have to add a lot of Stevia!
This cheese was dry & tasteless. It was not expired but did not even taste better when melted.
Not what I expected , did not care for it.
Expensive, would by more offer if this product was cheaper.
Overall, a bit too dark for my taste.
Bought for niece who is newly diagnosed diabetic.  She did not like the taste. Said it was bitter.
On the pricier side for what you get. for my taste.Probably would not buy again
I was a little dissappointed I like the Green Mountain Coffee better.
Disappointing. The flavor was off, too sweet, not enough cocoa flavor. I will not buy it again.
I like pumpkin spice flavor without sweetness. This did not quite hit the mark. Oh well!
It is a staple for people on low-salt/no salt diet.
Needed in a bind ..very convenient but should be l
Good flavor for beef ribs chicken.
It was dry already
I am a BIG fan of brittle.  I did not like the flavor of this one.  But that is my personal opinion.
Strawberries are smaller this year
This tea lacked the flavor I was looking for.
After reading the reviews I had high expectations, but it tastes like regular salt to me.
I have bought this type of peppercorn from a different company and these are TINY in diameter!
Several of the pods were damaged and would not work in the Nespresso machine
Flavor is mediocre, but it is a good deal
Too expensive and only half full, would not buy again
I was expecting lots of ketchup on chips and there was barely any  I would not purchase again.
This batch I got smelled spoiled
I did not like the nut & quality of chocolate!
The bottle is not broken but I could feel the honey outside of the bottle.
I DID NOT PAY ENOUGH ATTENTION IT IS AS IT SAYS JUST ARE NOT FOR ME
Its pepper people... you crack it sprinkle on food.
Soft and mushy.  Flavor a bit musty.
Arrived in a pouch vs container that was the image.
If you love regular hidden valley ranch know that this is NOT the same.
The leakage. The drinks opened and leaked.
Still getting used to the Paleo food.
Not as salty as I would like.
they were pretty broken up in the jar
Taste Was Alright
I bought 2 bags and there are no Haribo Gummies
"Not really ""jelly"". Weird flavor too. But easy and sugar free."
Overpriced. Need to use a lot in order to fully taste the flavor.
Disappointed. Lack flavor. Will not buy again. Biggest plus actually walnut halves nice size.
A little to strong for me. But not bitter.
They tasted just fine but why are they so expensive.
No instruction for the dry milk powder and water ratio. The powder is not soluble completely.
They both sort of tasted the same
I like the natural aspect but it does not last very long!
Super gross but great gift for 6-9 year olds who were fascinated and disgusted by them.
does not taste as cinnamon as i like for for cinnamon to taste!!
Cashews were rancid
Taste like medicine not honey. I could not even stomach eating it.
Will not order again
Cute but too expensive would not buy again for the price. Just basic gray color.
Seemed to be further down when opened as opposed to buying from the store
there is sugar in it
Quality product. Thought they would be spicier.
Cheaper local ..lil bitter
A bit too vinegary and not quite spicy enough for my preference.
The date on the box was recent, but the candy tasted old.
Great popcorn. But it is cheaper at my local Wmart. This price is crazy
These were bought as a half joke and a half Christmas pickle situation. Worked out ok.
The package was not sealed well. There was air in the package.
They are too sweet for other flavors, but they are low in calories.
The packets came in defective, 2 attached to each other, the entire box.
I was not WOWed with the selection the bag had but it served the purpose.
Bought once but not again...
Gave as a gift. Bag presumably only had a few crisps in it.
Tasty but flavor did not last long
I have tried other off brands. This one is okay, but not great.
Exp date too short
Same as other brands
Sauce considered normal as sauce in local market
These have the biggest pits ever! Avoid.
Definitely need to be thawed and deveined!
Lid was cracked and was leaking.  Also the safety cover was not attached.  Not very hygienic.
Disappointing.  The title is far better then the nuts.
I wish they came in drop bottles like the liquid food color which will make them easier to use
Item came perforated and leaking inside shipping box.
coffee tasted old
Just gets too runny!
Did not really care for the flavor
As expected, not much else to say.
Decent coffee but seemed gritty.
I give this a B-
Two boxes were expired
Nuts are super hard to open
Definitely not a bold flavor as the name implies, I like the other flavors better
It was tasty enough but was overpriced.  TUrns out I could have found it at the dollar store.
Its fresher when bought in the local supermarket.
I do not really like the flavor and color (orange).
not as convenient as thought
Tasted mad good and was werff the price
I tore the plastic surrounding the cap of the bottle and found the cap to be cracked.
Taste is so-so.  Will try a different brand next time.
too many were broken
The almonds themselves are great, but we paid for 25 ounces and only got 16 ounces :-(
chocolate is good. almonds are small and few.
These will melt on the way to your doorstep in the middle of summer.
Taste like old Folgers crystals.  Starbucks VIA is worth the extra.  Hard to find the decaf
too bad I am a vegetarian and worms are not my favorite food
These did not taste like key limethey tasted quite strange. There was no tartness at all.
so so flavor and quality, it does not dissolve entirely so it is a bit bitter in the end.
They are fruit flavored, and I was not expecting that.
Product was very festive looking but gummies tasted a little old.
It does taste like lime, but it definitely has the bitter taste of the rind.
Would not recommend buying these online - they melt.
The flavor just was not there.
Gave to a food drive
Not enough nuts.  It lacked a buttery flavor as well.
Picture shows 6 of each, you really only get 3 of each, very dissapointing. Not happy with this.
This product is not returnable.
It was an okay experience however the cheddar tasted really bitter and they were a little stale
Inconsistent flavor between pods. Some very stale others okay
Lighter roast than expected.
Beef is tender but tasteless. There is not much flavor to the dish. Needs more seasoning.
Prefer the strips of same brand
a little too sweet even for what it is
My kid loves it. I personally did not like the flavor.
not as creamy as  I would  like
The flavor is not what I expected.
Nothing to do with product. But it is damaged and spilled all over. Looks like I cannot rerun it
Crunchy texture would help and still would not need sugar but honey helps.
95% of the figs are good. 5% are bad because there are sands inside the figs.
Just not my taste.
I thought these were the best...until I tried Stauffer's ginger snaps!
Arrived on time as described
My family was not a big fan of the flavor and texture of this one.
It is coffee. Not strong. Not particularly flavorful. Not terrible.
It is supposed to feed a family of four but it was only enough for two people.
Not really tasty lack of shrimp flavor
Its super hard to open compared to other products! Tastes are okay
box open and damaged
Good but very expensive for the small amount you receive
Really good especially for keto, whole30, bulletproof etc but ridiculously expensive.
Was a gift from hubby
It was what was expected.
Not as big as it decided or what I thought it were.
Good product and great flavor. But came with a broken cap. Only 3 stars due to broken cap.
Was OK...would have preferred one bottle...not 3
Tastes a bit grassier than the bottled version.
Smells like fart water. No matter where I purchase this from..What is the deal?
It does not taste anything like Colombian coffee I brew myself or buy at the gas station.
Box with expiration date of September 2021 are dry versus box with expiration date of February 2022
more dusty than spicy.  not much of a bargain
Not bad, not great. A little pricey when there are cheaper alternatives with much more flavor.
Not really dark roast flavor.
Cannot taste the coconut.
Flavor is good,slightly too salty. Will purchase again.
I was hoping they would rival Girl Scout thin mints, but they do not. Regular Oreos are much better.
The flavors nothing like Lipton berry hibiscus
1 of 4 bags was already popped open.
Told could not be replaced. Arrived damaged and leaking. Did give refund after pics posted
I did not notice a difference using this product.
Feeling a bit cheated when the box says $2.99 and you get charged 1.5x that.
Tastes dry and takes forever to boil and soften .
The container was open and spilled inside shipping box
The slices were cut too thick, so it was pretty chewy and salty.
I received a packet of crumbs.......
You can tell it is diet. It seemed watery.
Definitely overpriced!!!
There were supposed to be 36 bars, somehow only 34 were in the box.
She is tiny , Never knew they came so small,lol
The toys in these are all the same. My kids were very underwhelmed
only used it one time so far
Not a fan of the aftertaste
Not much Markers Mark taste. Tomatoey
The drinks were spoiled and flat. I went to another vendor
Flavor was not as impactful as I thought it would be
It was more expensive than it should be.
Headline says it all.
Most of the bags of chip were stale.
completely covered in oil therefore my coffee machine did not work well
We bought it to flavor homemade wine so will not know the outcome for months!
Taste like an off bran
Taste just like the store brands at twice the price.
Odd taste and texture,no thanks.
Basil taste could be stronger.
Box was slightly crushed in the large box of other pantry items.
It is ok has a very small hint of maple. Not what I thought it would taste like.
They do not taste the same as the big Stroopwaffles.. And they are hard.
Not as tasty as I was hoping.
Rotten pomatoes we are in the bag
ok...but not so delicious...would not buy them again...not my taste
Flake bars were a bit stale. But the wispa bars were fantastic!
Small quantity. Only feeds one, not as much cheese flavor as original but acceptable for emergency.
Ends up being more expensive then the retail location prices - not worth the price
Increased the price by 20 percent....Disappointed
The crackers were delivered badly cracked. The taste was fine but hardly any were not broken
Turned your mouth blue after just one drink
The pumpkin spice flavor just is not there at all.
Not my thing yuck
Although I included the information, none of my orders included that it came from me.
Not as soft as the ropes
You do better to buy turtles. Too small for the money does not taste the same
A step above basic maraschino but far below Luxardo cherries.
instant coffee is instant coffee.
If you like the taste of a flat coke this is it.
We did not care for it
Have had this product, but do not recall ordering any for several years
The promotion was 3 bottles I received one
It is taste ok, a little bit hard.
Weird but different.  Not bad. Just twangy.
It is not nearly as flavorful as Bewleys.
Was a gift for my daughter
Some stuck together
Was crushed on arrival.
Unclear why this was shipped like this. You can clearly see that about half the cans are damaged.
I like to taste the hardiness of coffee and this does not provide that.
"I hope to use this to make ""tea"". Maybe my fault. Takes a lot of boiling to soften up."
This is smaller than I thought
.Did not like the flavor. It was convenient
Too expensive. Found them much cheaper at a local store.
Was not the same that we thought it was.  It was satisfactory though
My son rated 5/10...
Could pick up organic local product on island.
tasted muddy - perhaps not our taste - will not buy again
Was slightly coarser than regular table salt.
Rock hard and mediocre tastefor the price I was expecting it to be better product.
Vibrant colors.  Just your standard jawbreakers.  Nothing exciting or negative.
Package was totally destroyed upon arrival.  Individual packs were in tact.
He say was not the same as he remembered!! Sad was one of his favorite .
Tastes like chocolate just did not really popppp
Did not care for the taste, or lack-lack-there-of.  Tasted waxy with a slight sweet taste
The whole pack was melted togeth picking up a flat brick.
VERY hard to get out f the jar... hard to disentangle. Flavor is OK.
I do not like how the bag gets ripped open.  It is like performing surgery.
For the price I was expecting a larger box.
One of the bottles leaked out.  Lid was loose.
Great coffee but very expensive compared to European outlets
Picture was very dark you could barely make out images
The food coloring leaked and they were half full
Flavor is poor more like drinking hot water plain, smells fresh taste lacks, & packaged well.
Though, a bit weak in flavor, it is very sweet.
They are convenient, but I do not care for the flavor.......bitter.
Love the taste but it is very expensive and I did not notice a difference in milk production.
I only recieved one container, not two as advertised.
Sprinkle gingerly, this season has extra spice, but the lemon flavor is underwhelming.
over half the boxes were not sealed close. were not very fresh but were okay to eat if microwaved.
nice chocolate but lousy package.
Tree is dead. I tried to keep it watered hoping it would come back but it did not.
Small cheap snacks. Not worth the price.
The blueberry flavor is too overpowering.
They were fine. But I got bored with them too quickly. My husband at the rest.
fast shipping. was not pleased with the product but that is not the fault of the seller
Not enough for price
Not amazing. Mush is better.
It is not generic but same price as store but delivered to your door
Probably adds some flavor but who needs more sodium?  Will not buy it twice. It is expensive as well.
Poor packaging for shipping.  Most cookies crushed.
No chocolate in it. Just flavored. Did not like.
fish food smelling card board
gave me a belly ache, so i am not sure if i am ready to eat this yet
The taste was ok, but not great. Only tried the one flavor so far.
Love these chips and cannot find them anywhere else but they came broken in tiny pieces
The taste was a little flat/ stale to me But my seven year old granddaughter liked it
It should not claim to have no duplicates.
These are too sweet and moist with little per taste
I have not been using long enough to see any major difference.
$10 (including shipping) for this tiny bhujia.
They taste a little different than when you buy in store.
To many broken pieces over all .
Really strong or rough tasting tea, do not know if it works, hard to slip on.
Were not as good as I thought they would be.  mildly disappointed.
Not a fan of oatmeal!
Prefer the non-organic variety taste.
Does the job, a little flimsy, but worth the price paid. do not overload....
They are listed with the kcups
I did not think it was hulless
To meany that I did not like
3 of 12 cans were damaged/dented
The suckers came in and they were a bit gooey and tasted rather old.
Jumbo fish sticks fall apart.  The outside is crispy and inside is gross.  No flavor.
Not as good as i hope them to be. Sorry
Like: reasonable price. Dislike: Flavor is weak.
Just like a combination of flavors
Did not like the strawberry flavor.
Check expiration dates when you get these. All of mine were only a month left to expiration.
Did not like at all.  Bitter and dry.  Will not buy again.
The salt is very coarse.  Very hard to dispense.  Flavor is not as strong.
Used this product all summer on different items and temps and still had issues with food sticking
A number of the pods had broken open and created quite the mess. Otherwise not bad.
Not as good as vanilla wafers, basically are just a stale version of them.
This tastes like fat. it is not what it was when I was a child.
Knock off product
Very watery and hard to use for cookie decorating or even decorating dipped apples.
These lacked deep peanut butter flavor
Like the taste.  I drink to improve my protein level.
Taste ok, but  WAY to expensive
I wish there were more pieces due to the sizes are so small.
I love these cookies however, some cookies were all broken up into pieces due to shipping.  
I enjoyed opening the bag for the box to be broken, thanks
The expiration date was very near two months only!
No experiation date but I am using it to make wine we will see how it turns out
Basically 3/10 not horrible but not great either.
The taste is slightly off putting. But it makes decent pancakes.
This was bought as a gift for my step son and his wife. It is much smaller than I expected.
It got a 3 only because I personally did not like the flavor
I just want to mention one thing you cannot use it for Nespresso Vertuo plus ..
I made about 3-4 pounds of pork with 2 casings.  The quality is not bad, but the quantity is small.
Very small and we went through them quickly.  For the price, i would not buy these again.
Came on time. Not enough real pb
Candy was old and did not have flavor I associate with Hersheys products
Not as aromatic as I hoped. Coffee is drinkable.
Too much money for such a small amount
One bottle the seal was broken...had to discard. This was shipping not Amazon.
I may order again some time.
Not want I expected, have to use 2 instead of one...
Taste was good but expensive for the amount you get.
Some of the chocs tasted old.
Does not taste like banana Runts as I was hoping. Used them for party decor, then trashed them.
we did not care too much for all the small seeds and little flavor
chocolate was a big let down  .
They do not really have a taste other than the pistachios them. Overall, meh.
3 of the 8 cans were dented
Consistency was not always there with the amount of coffee in each k-cup
Nothing like the chocolate flavor
More nuts less of the other stuff
It is not growing as well as I expected, for the price.
Only one box!!!!
I do not know if I like it or not.
AMAZING STUFF, JUST A BIT EXPENSIVE FOR WHAT YOU GET
Overall good, but a lot of the shells came broken.
The strawberry did not appeal to me but then again I am not a 12 year old boy.
I did not like the texture.  I used it to fill my garbage can.
Gift Message was not included with gift ,,,WHY ???
There just is not much flavor in this tea.
I found out th at I really do not like the taste
Out of 12 packages we always get a couple gray ones.
The package had a hole in it and leaked everywhere.  I had to throw it out.
Package supposed to be 24. Box not oped but only 23 in inside! How did that happen?!?
Do not drink decaf, company likes it though.
Poorly packed and most were broken. Good flavor and freshness.
One of the bags had a box cutter slash in it and was everywhere in the bag.
Did not have any cream cheese flavor.
A lot of the candies are broken and the fizzy powder is all over the wrapper. Takes away the fun.
Alot of them were broke
"The over-sized box these bottles arrived in basically took the ""jaws of life"" to open."
Not bad, but they cook up a bit tough.
This was also a gift so I cannot answer with any authority.
Oatmeal tubs smashed open
Ordered for graduation gifts for students to have for their college dorm.
For chili bits these are not spicy at all
Not a variety as described.
I did not like it but my husband did. If you are a fan of Progresso you will probably like it.
I should get a discount on it
This product does not taste like McDonalds coffee.
Freshness was an issue, and not eligible for return.
Was ok, tasted a little flat, kind of expensive
I like all flavors but not so much the plain ones.
550 MG of sodium...
Was smaller than I expected.
Taste far from the Gaspacho I could find in the french groceries stores
To me, it tastes like French vanilla and nothing like cheesecake
These come out to almost $6 per 4.2 oz bag, which is a tiny bag. Not worth it
They are zero calories, but they really do not have much flavor.
Takes a bit of re learning your taste buds to granulated honey than for regular honey.
Seedless,sweet,with the price.
Need to chill out on the salt! It is overkill.
the taste was changed by the additional additives
Quite pricey for the amount of syrup but still tastey...
Oreos are a hit in this family!
A little too sweet for my liking.
I thought it was a protein bar it is a butter!
too many broken cookies in bags
taste like they should
The granular surgar over rides the cherry taste.
Flavor is not good as fresh ginger root.
I would buy again for my grandson to make himself to make something for him and mommy or daddy.
Yeah. Pecan Pie is gross.
I got this for my mom and she did not really like them I do not think
They offer 284 grams. You get under 275 maximum
the chips alot were cracked
Lacking in flavor which surprised me. Not many slices for the price either.
none of the sardines were in one piece... a mess of pieces... other than that they were ok i guess
The candy tasted old.
not worth the money was not large mushroom pop corn,going to be bird food at a high price.
A lot smaller than expected
Plastic material makes it look low quality and is quite hard to clean.
Not enough of a vanilla flavor.
Don' know. This was a gift.
Some of the small pickles are softnot crisp!
Has an oily appearance
Not impressed for the price.  Will make my own from now on.
I would stick with the shirataki noodles they are cheaper, easier to find and taste the same
They tasted almost stale, though the date was fine.
Rather expensive, but good quality
Too expensive and its strong
Hit or miss...I got a packet that seemed pretty fresh and a packet that was old and stale.
7 oz  that is all.
only so so - misses the quality tomato taste.
The cases here contain only 12 bottles.
Option for my T1D
A little gross in my opinion
Was smaller bag than I thought.
Service good! Taste bad
Several things were very tasty.  A few snacks were not really to my liking,  though.
The expectation date was close like a month away.
Ok...but not enough bang for the buck.
The candies tasted a little bit stale. The packaging was okay but the product did not taste fresh.
They are not m&ms
Over priced will not buy again. Costco 7$ cheaper
There was not enough
I have ordered this product 4 times and only received it twice. Other than that it is fine.
These are not very tasteful.
The box has been opened and two bottles taken out. We ordered a box of 12 but only got 10.
I had gotten a bottle previously elsewhere and this one is not flavorful as the last.
It has a chocolate smell, but tastes like regular coffee. No chocolate  flavor at all.
Check your product size before assuming it is the same size you buy in your local grocery store.
Dropped with contents spilled on jars
Very tart small bottle
The crab meat are almost powdery.
It was ok, a little too dry for me. I usually like their products, but not this one.
It was average tasting. I use other beans and grinds daily that taste much better to me.
They were broken up, a bit hard but the flavor was good
It served it is purpose after I glued it together, one of the y was ripped but I managed to fix it
It is ok but a little a little small for 130 calories
Not quite what I was looking for.
These are pretty much just hard candies. Tasty but not filled
I found I had to use a lot to notice a difference in flavor
My headline says it all!
i guess they did not check veggies, had mold on them.
Pretty dry taste. Not great but not terrible. Will not buy again.
They were old.  Chocolate was chalky.
The bag with the figs was  unsealed,  and the figs tasting different from what  I  know
Purchased as a gift...  Recipients seemed to like it
Some was dryed out open
Received it very fast, as promised but some of the candies were crushed.
Wonderful taste but really thick, and almost impossible to spread. Thinning with water helps.
The flavor and heat was low
Quality was average, price was reasonable. I may order again.
got the salami on time, butt experation date was only 18 days later
Very bitter and dry
I would have given a five-star review had guar gum not been added as an additive.
The bottle is only half full.  It is very deceiving as to how much powder you are actually getting.
I liked the taste, but it is very hard to get mixed up.
But that is a personal thing! I just did not think there was enough flavor to it.
No taste. Not filling at all.
The pizza tastes disgusting. Plain is okay and sour cream and onion is excellent.
Did not care for the taste--or after taste.
not too peppery as kirkmans but its up to weight and is decent.
Too many weird flavors and most are too weak.
one bottle of dressing was leaking.The cap although wrapped in a plastic sleeve was loose
Title says it all
Was spilt all over the box.
However husband's reaction was tepid
I love these crackers but they were all broken.
Cute but very small.
prefer glass bottles
Did not care for all flavors.
I would still like them to sell the holes. Such a waste to throw them away.
Not as expected.
Beans look great but had a burnt taste. Not sure if this was normal or i just got a bad batch.
!/2 of the boxes were fine, but 1/2 tasted stale
very expensive. It tastes ok,but it seems it would be much cheaper to make my own.
Even a little bit is too sweet.
Vase was damaged & some leaves were attached to the tape.
Prefer the lemon flavor
Not as flavorful nor as red colored as other pomegranate powders I have bought.
My wife says the caviar is to salty.
FYI casing is made of beef collagen for those who do not eat beef
Not terrible but not great.
I think rockstar changed the flavor. Does not taste the same as it did years ago.
I have not pooped like I thought I was but it got to rd taste just need honey
The flavor was not good. The price was high and no real toffee nut flavor at all
Three out five died within 6 months !
Good value for money but was disappointed with taste
Samr flavour. Feels sugary. Box was smashed when arrived. Pricey for the amount of bags.
Great tasting water but the lid is awful. Pain to get back on without leaking.
I use it for a bath and it is not ground as well as I would like it to be.
This batch had a lot of stems. pieces was not the usual. That I was use to. First one like that
Not what I have come to expect from Godiva.
Regular candy should not cost 9 dollars per pound
When I got my Cacao butter it had melted and was one big blob in the package!!!!!
Definitely smaller in person ,but I will work around it
I have heard of the Turkish delights, but not my type of candy
You need the BIGGER BOTTLES
Tried this chowder, was a one time purchase for us.
needed smaller size.  my fault will check closer
It is totally different from the red curry I have in Thailand. A little leaking oil.
Candy to put out when you do not like someone
Some areas had no coverage
I like these but the flavor is a little... different to sat the least. Good quality though!
 recommend this but it is a bit pricey
received the fruit quickly. only 3-4 of the 9 were ripe enough to eat. the others did not ripen.
This was beautiful, but, the message kept falling off the stick. I was so disappointed.
The flavor is lacking compared to the Scottie Dog.
Only the red ones have coffee flavor.  But they all are sticky.  You will need a toothpick.
For a Christmas gift
I wanted large coconut flakes to use to make Vegan Bacon - these are very small, not as pictured.
I love these but this batch was a little stale.
All package was torn up
They were ok until it got warm. Then they go sticky and  nasty, hard to get the wrapper off.
"this was supposedly one of ""the cheeses"" of 2019 ?!?  I fail to see it, nothing special"
The taste is a bit too artificial for me.  Like the Epic tropical mints a bit better
Kcups that work like kcups. The vanilla flavor overpowers the caramel flavor.
I have tried other types, and this one is not as fresh as the rest..
I did not care for the taste of the tea!
Okay flavor, but worse tasting than the other kinds of these bars
wish I had a differnet mix
It is as advertised, just not what I was expecting.
Not a lover of pinto beans and this product did nothing to change that opinion!
I use this product in one of my baking wilton baking classes and it worked out for me and my friend
Product was smashed and melty upon arrival.
These taste amazing but nearly all arrived broken in half or worse.
I am not a huge fan of any frozen pizza but this was pretty tasty.
Need instructions for using product.
Strips of dry fruit.  Tried to rehydrate. Even my parrots turned up their beak when offered these.
The items were small sample size - worth about hal of what was paid
The stalks were shorter than I expected, and one of the stalk died and rot within a week.
same as above. not what we excpected
I liked it, it is rather expensive
They did not crisp very well. Passable.
Flavor was nice it just was way too expensive
It is what it is for the price
Not what I though it was!
Not a lot for the price.
There was no usable meat on the bones after cooking in a stew pot with beans, grains, and veggies.
It does not taste like serrano. Has a dairy farm smell.
These are mini size
Thought I would use this  product but not using it.
Mushy results on several recipes.
Yummy but not packaged well
Do not like the taste! Now I have a big jar that I cannot exchange. Not a true banana flavor.
Not a ton of flavor.  I had not realized it was oil...I thought it was powder
They were melted when I received them
Overall decent flavor, but not rich enough to taste like high quality fudge.
I guess it is luck of the draw that you do not get damaged cans.
I do not really like the flavor that much.
3 cans came leaking
Title says it all
I only received the chocolate cake mix and the two frostings , I was missing the yellow cake mix.
Much sweeter and thinner than I expected. Will not reorder.
only 2 bags of potato chips
They taste great but are very hard. It is hard to chew at the beginning.
This product is the same on Bridgeford website for a six pack.
does act as low carb substitute for pasta but has little taste and strange texture
Tasted stale,  but still good price for the amount
Matter of preference, did not like the taste.  Not necessarily a knock on the product.
Good, but just too expensive.
Regular sized fish sticks-not jumbo!
Does not affect the nose.
Not too good, tasted burnt, sorry.
Some of the flavors just tasted strange.  I am sticking with the berry flavors in the future.
This is not tasty.... I have two boxes of this I cannot bring myself to eat.
I do not just eat the outer leaves.  I buy Romaine for the inside part.
The flavor was weird, not my favorite.
The cans were always dented
Shipping container looked undamaged but the candy boxes image were damaged/smashed
Smaller then appears on the package....
Tastes similar to brown sugar.
I delivered strawberries and raspberries and they came with mold.
Do not know what it is.
Last order was not fresh.
Not what I expected. Does not pull in all stations in 50-60 mile radius.
So much smaller than I anticipated.
There were some end stems that were not very edible.
The flavor of the pickle juice is pretty weak.
Were close to expiration date and dry.
Was hoping for a real vanilla scent and flavor,  too mild, not strong enough.
Good price but they were a little stale.
They got here on time but were melted.
Too expensive for the size of bad that I purchased.  But they were in good shape and not stale.
Very tasty but be careful there maybe some halls in it to. You will know when you bit down on one.
i need to use 2 for 1 cup of coffee
Package only contains 100 buckets, not 1000 like the description states.
This is a small jar . I should have purchased a larger one it is only enough for maybe 5 meals
It really was not pumpkin enough for my taste
Biologists possibly not aged enough. Rather soft and moist. Not dry and crumbly.
It is almost expired
Plump but not very flavorful.
I was looking forward to it, but did not like the flavor. Others might like it.
Has a little after taste but not bad.
It is Turkish delight alright but $7 for 7 pieces??
Found the yellow curry paste to be spicy and salty for me.
I eat these alot but this box I bought was sooooo freaking salty I had to give it away
I was disappointed with the flavor.  It was not as good as I remembered.
Have not used them yet but the size bottles are a rip off
one box was spilling when I received it.
Not entirely natural product has flavoring
Probably the only flavor in the zero line that we do not like.
Just the flavor was off
I tried one  to see the reaction? Did not notice any difference?
Order extra kit for backup pieces. Buy extra icing.
The product itself is as described, however a little pricey for the size back that it is.
Classy smarters/sweet tart flavor and texture
They seemed to be wrapped pretty well, but still several arrived broken.
Apparently made from large tough cukes.
Color appeared crayola burnt sienna
I do not like all of coffee grounds in the cup. It happens 9 out of 10 times.
It was supposed to be corn and rice snacks. Instead I got all corn. Ugh.
most of the pack were broke at least half of the crackers ,in a pack.
Price is right but coffee is weak.
Smaller than expected. Will not buy again.
Was 50% of white salt rocks very un professional packge .
I dislike the fact that no sugar was added.
I would not get on a regular basis
Nothing all that special.  Very dried out.  The packaging was fancy.
These containers are tiny. It was not what I expected.
At the time of this review picture is correct, but this is not the Sea Salt product.
It tastes good for a white chocolate replacement, however they all three bars came broken.
Not as I pictured.  rather dry.  I bought for my parrots and they did not care for it either.
Seems like watered down Not enough flavor
Not enough for the price
grown in china.  Will not buy again, but I have eaten them and I am not dead, nor glowing
Not as tasty as expected.
Beautiful when they arrived and died within a week.  Very disappointed
It was such a deal.  But the coffee pods will expire in a short few months. No wonder it is cheap.
It is a lot weaker in flavor than others I have used
Like other reviewers said- they are way too long for regular size cupcakes. I returned them.
Very small bottle for the money. Taste ok
They were soft and tart
Unfortunately the cap was cracked put of the box. Luckily the seal is in tack
Much smaller than expected
It has a taste to it, not be ready for you coffee or tea to taste a little different
So the cans came up beat up and some of them were busted open
Flavor was not favorable
I just want to find something that actually works for my money I am spending.
not enough chai too much orange
I open the Amazon box cake mixture was all over it
The price is double what Starbucks and Teavanna sold it for.
Fair to average which is disappointing because none of the blueberry coffee seems to get it correct
Notice it is bone, not oxtail as the picture.
Somewhat tasty but not hot like normal jalapeos.  Not worth the money.
The coffee pods were okay but a little disappointing in the flavor profiles
They are okay not great
Was expecting a much bigger package.
It was a very tiny box
Not enough seasoning little bland. Toasted okay.
Item came without plastic clear top and plastic seal was broken
Not enough peanut in peanut brittle.
There must be a shortage of orange pops as I counted 5 in the entire box
This is a perfectly good product but sometimes when we get it, it seems a little stale.
It needs to state that it is 30 minute Oats
bitter after taste. will not buy again
Do not care for the flavor in coffee.
Usable but not what I was looking for.
All were chocolate or flavors I would never use for coffee.
these are not cupcake liners as they are bottomless. only wrap around liners after baking.
2 of the 5 boxes were expired
I can take a lot of heat but this was WAY to spicy for me. I could only eat two bites.
The current price is two to three times higher than usual. Juice to clam ratio too high!
One bottle was broken. The other was fine.
I really do not like these.  They really do not flavor the popcorn to me
Lots of oil coming to the surface
not up to expectations
The products arrived on December 10 with an expiration date of December 14.
It would do well for Emergency rations, but not that palatable.
I dislike the taste of these chocolates
Not as expected.
Bags were not sealed properly and one arrived completely open with flour spilled inside packaging
Seemed stale even though it was freshly ground. Had to add salt.
I do not taste a difference for the price
Very small for price. Very little  cake at all . Good fruit and nut bar
Many of the nuts were smashed and crushed, leaving lots of little pieces in the bag.
Same wonderful  tasting chips.  Disappointed  that 1 bag I opened was mostly  broken  chips
To help cravings while dieting. Keto.
Does not have the same taste as regular jarred PB
Eggs are fine but when getting delivered, there are always several that are broken!
Some of them had opened and spilled.
It does not sprinkle or mix. It just clumps. I will not purchase again.
The oil is okay but the packing is bad. Leaked in transportation.
The bamboo stick of the toppers it did not come in the packaging
Did not like the flavor.
I do not like the flavor.  A bit spicy.
They taste yummy but did not get the three boxes I ordered.
"Candy tasted stale.  So much dye it makes your ""poop"" look red."
This container often brakes in transit. We like the mil though.
Flavor is so/so. Will Not be ordering again.
I am just not a big fan of the flavor,
they were not all that bitter, but they made me itch, and itch
Chocolate is not very flavorful and liquid is not liquer nor is it cremey.
Deceptive photo of packaging!!
Did not care for them.
Tastes like frosted cardboard....
It is pretty chewy. Gets pretty hard after toasted it.
Not as much as expected.
Shorted one pack in shipment
It did not have as much flavor as other cheeses. I would probably buy something else before this again.
Flavor could be stronger.  It is drinkable.
It is a regular Folgers coffee. But it is definitely overpriced for the size you get.
Was hoping for dissolving granules. This item cannot be returned. Bummer!!
Not very thrilling.
Not as much cinnamon flavor as expected. Also a lot of the candies stuck together.
I definitely prefer the regular Grillers, these are...chunky?
Most of them where broken
It came in a timely fashion, but it was melted and yucky.
Ha! These are back in stores for maybe $3 a bag.
Just did not taste fresh - was hard to chew
I did not like the box was put in my mailbox where anyone could of seen it sticking out
Some of the ingrediemts are
tried all different ones did not like anyone of them
Good product - can be found less expensive elsewhere.
Very poor package Low level tea bag  Taste is ok
Only draw back in my book is I cannot adjust the size/grind
Some of the tea bags has no flavor
I just got this to soon to rate.
Did not care for the sparkling flavor
Not as good as the ones in the glass bottle.  It is like they changed the formula:(
Taste is great, but packing was horrible,more than half of the chocolate are broken.
Not worth the extra money.
Made a mistake in buying this type of mint
My grandson loves them but they are spendy
i prefer the chocolate. these really do not taste too much like caramel
Price On 8oz is a Rip off comparing to price on 16oz
Would not buy it again. Chalky & bitter.
Need to change description. Says 12ct and 24oz. Its a lie. There Is only 6 and 13oz. Do Not be fooled.
could not see any flakes at all just powder
It did not arrive with the Instructional CD
Too oily for my wolf coffee machine grinder
Seemed old/stale but did eat it all.
Not an ounce even with wrapper
Smaller than cucumbers that you can get for the same price, or cheaper at Walmart.
These were not vacuum sealed.
"Tastes gritty but overall it is ""ok"". Spreads difficultly. Take that for what you will."
It has good taste, sliced very thin, not a lot to each slice.
I use to see German Potatoe long ago and this product simple taste different from what I remember.
We really enjoy this product but the candy was hard like it sat on the shelf too long.
I paid for 12 bottles and only received 10. Two bottles are missing from the order.
I mixed in some chocolate protein powder to improve flavor
I did not really care for this flavor very much.
I did not care for the taste it gave my goodies.
More expensive (double costs) & not easy to used for me
These were so cute but one of them came a little broken.
Some of the cookies made is here unbroken and some not
Big price for little jars
Not right quantity, description says 24 but only 23 came in.
It was used, scratches and scuffs all over.
Very light on the ginger flavor, unfortunately.
So this noodles are sweet to me with a kick of space but no where near extreme!
I am not a fan but my kid loves it.
After following the instructions exactly we found the ham to be very dry and not allot of tatse
It was good but seemed way too expensive for the amount received.
The top was broken, but it did arrive early.
I suppose the item was as described
Just in case you did not know... it is seltzer water and we do not care for that type of taste
Smells like candy, tastes very, very tart.  Edit: MUCH better cold, not very good hot.
Noni Juice is as expected, but I only received one bottle when the order states I would received 2.
The trail mix was melted and puddled in the bottom of the package.
Do not like the banana flavor and and the yogurt pieces!
There are a lot of cherry in the bag.
Did not care for the taste!
not much for the money
A few were broken but, enjoyed what was left. 
Maybe 5 of the cups had already curdled.
The taste was not the same that I had as a child.
They gave me some soft ones some had mold on them
Waxy, bland, barely tastes like cake.
Flavor is not robust enough for me. But delivery was on time.
Pretty good taste. Too bad 1/4 of the bag was melted together
Just tasted alright, cannot complain but nothing to brag about
not much of a rum flavor
Ok.  Product seemed discolored.
No where near spicy enough.
Price was right, flavor not what I expected.
Misleading in package!  Slimy in pkg
I did not get two.  I only received one pump
Did not taste exactly the same as smaller sizes received from overseas.
Like the initial flavor, however it does not last long at all.
Flavor is not what I expected, bitter.
These were OK, very thin. Unfortunately not as good as traditional English crumpets
If you really like dill pickle flavor these are for you. A little too much flavor for me.
The flavor had an undesirable aftertaste. The jar was leaking upon arrival.
Ok, come stale often
Just buy the bigger bag and seal it properly. You get less for the same price.
Just not as creamy as I would like for it to be
caps are defective and bottles leak.
Good strength coffee but has an artificial flavor/taste.
It does not enough flavor
cake slice was dry when I received it.....
It is for low carb desserts
The wood part was shedding and going into the cake.
My lips bleeding. Should have stopped sooner
The taste of the tea is too strong.  It says green tea, but tastes and looks like black tea.
Pretty much dried up beans , will not buy again.
The taste is off, not really coffee...
Not much to say, I would say that the way it smells, it is either a hit or a miss with any dog.
Tastes artificial but I still think it tastes fine
These gummy candies were just too sugary for me without enough fruit taste.
box changed color completely / could not tell if all natural
There were only 30packs in the box as opposed to 40 as advertised.
salty but otherwise short on flavor
I am used to premium coffee.  This coffee did not live up to my expectations.
Not and described.
This was soft & chewy. It also had an odd flavor I could not quite place.
It is a mango. It is yellow. There is no champagne in it
I love chocolate cake, but this was dry. It was decent but I was honestly disappointed.
Really like these, tender enough. and a bit salty, but what else would you expect.
The flavor was very hood but I thought it was super expensive for the size of the package
Great product. A little tough on taste but totally edible.
These were old when I opened them, waste of money
Expected common flavors and different roasts.  Many unheard of flavors, some I hesitated to try.
Love Lipton but needed it fast and could not get to a store but way TOO Expensive.
Not my fave but everyone is different
Has a side taste I could not get over.
It does not taste like the chinese duck saucea packets you get.
NOT MY CUUP OF COFFEE.
Just not a fan of Ranch.
Not spicy enough
Delivered in extreme heat.  Chocolate was soft.
Waited for this but kind of disappointed because chocolate melted 
Tastes wayyy better browned and toasted. Some pastries were broken possibly in transit.
They described each container has 90g weight, but i got 90, 70 and 45g. Why?
The juice leaked out by the time it made it to me.
The beef is really good. The chicken is what nightmares are made of.
The lemon heads were all melted in their bags.
I have to add lemon or white vinegar to really enjoy this. It is quite bland.
I love crepes but,....this was disappointing.  These taste like flattened biscuits with jelly.
These are an acquired taste and my children are them all
When they arrived they were already pretty hard to chew
Very little food in this package.  Way too expensive for the quantity although it does taste good.
I did not like the flavor. I thought it would taste like the one at Wendys when you buy the salad
Not flavorful for price and cut of meat
Several of the bags were completely melted into a gelatinous blob.
I did not care for the taste but that is my prefernce
They are tiny, and my batch had too much salt.
Good amount for the money, but the flavor was a bit disappointing.
Was not a big fan of the taste.
The customer said the crackers were just too hard to enjoy eating.
Only a few flavors were okay.
Once you boil them, there is not much to them but skin and seeds. The flavor is in the broth.
Was Not excited about them... but ok on a cold night.
The Expiration date is 01/30/2020 and I received item 01/15/2020
Bunch of coffee's that I do not like.
I wrote a bad review but it was for larabar these are great.
As expected them to be, but over priced for the amount you get.
I expected a smoother, premium coffee taste and did not get that.
Too much late . I prefer coffee more than milk
Not a bad flavor it was alright but small container
It was as expected
This bag is tiny.
Dark ,not appealing looking. Not as good tasting either
Not for the price
Tasted ok, but the colors are unnecessary and stain.  I would not buy again.
Can was small, price is to high!
Really really sweet....a little too much for me
Weak and all of the flavors taste so much alike I cannot even tell that there are different flavors.
Pineapple tastes artificial, okay tea
Too expensive,  marked medium heat,  really hot.
Tasty but too sweet for me. Also, the consistency of the pumpkin pudding was a little too mushy,
Did not realize there was a lot of sugar in it
No where on the bottle or package does this say mineral water and each bottle has 40 mg of sodium.
It is ok. too expensive. I will not ordered again
Not what I expected
These are but were a bit putzy to lit together.
I did like the taste. I mixed it with peanut butter and made a smoothie.
Bag was popped, went to pull it out of the bag and all the chips fell into the box.
Spaghetti and meatballs
As someone who tries to avoid sugar, these have been a decent option when craving sweets
The actual mulberries are much darker in color than shown in the picture.
My first try. Not exactly to my taste.
Good taste but very expensive.
Has laxative effects will not help you portion control and keep weight off. Not for breastfeeding moms
A little too sweet for a coffee addict
Considering the work of grinding the beans does not taste that geat
These are the same as I remember.
These do not taste like the Valentines Day cherry ones at all.  They taste strawberry to me.
It was what it was
Not sure i want to eat it, it leaked all over in the box and melted.. kind of sad.
Pops well and tastes good given three stars due to the excessive amount of left over shells.
Unclear on compatibility.
Torn package. Grits loose in box.
More dented cans that are to expensive to return,
Average cake with sweet icing.
Barely any flavor
i wanted 2 revisit childhood memorys. Feed back was not so poppy.
Recieved covered in mold.
Price to expensive, but taste was good.
it is yellow and i am concerned
The Deluxe Mixed Nuts are very small.  I have never seen any as tiny as these.
They arrived on time, but were  almost all melted.
I wish it actually had an ube flavor. It is just a wonderfully natural way to color your food.
Some had turned white. probably had sunlight on them, kids still ate them, would not buy again.
These are yummy and spicy but not nearly as spicy as you would link from the description.
These were okay.  I found them to be a little stale.
Just a lot of tea bags loose in a cardboard box.  Not gift ready. .
Way to salty for me.
The flowers were not as fresh as expected and only survived for two days.
1/2 of the packages were open so had to throw away.
Flavor is not very versatile. It would taste good on maybe some grilled chicken with pineapple.
Not a fan of this flavor. It is not the soup's fault, just a matter of taste.
Over roasted, not a lot of pumpkin flavor
The popcorn is all right But left a little bit of a twangy taste
A little dry and the dark chocolate is a little too much
The cans are thrown around very flat tasting and mine were dented!!
THe small hole at the top is constantly getting stopped up.
does not taste as fresh as i have had it before  choc not a rich brown color
Ordered product on March 17, 2022. It was delivered same day. Product had expired March 3, 2022.
Would not buy these again compared to the cheaper Kraft version.
Did not help my milk supply.... Was drinking as a regular tea while nursing...
Not as big as picture. Not worth $ 6
Did not like the texture, so stopped using it
it tasted fine, being a jam, but it was well past its written expiration date on arrival.
Rather have pineapple ir pineapple coconut I would like to switch the grape
Who does not like Pez candy. Recommend.
Came open, oil leaked in packaging.
Not a lot of flavor
Seems to have too much milk. Slightly thick product.
It was bent inside the package inside the undisturbed box when I got it.
i give this a thumbs up
I do not care for the taste and there really is not anything nitro about it.
Did not like the flavors in the cans.
Not sure what this was.  I guess I am used to finely grated.
There was a high proportion of broken or fine bits and pieces instead of mostly whole slices,
The lead top was broken when receive the item as provided in pictures,
Tasty but a struggle to unwrap
2 out of 3 cans were dented
Expired much sooner than expected
We did not care for it.
Was used to take to work.
Not as smoky as I would like.  You have to use a lot of it to get your meat to taste smoky.
They are OK for sugerfree but not spectacular
DO NOT GO BUY ME, JUST DON,T LIKE JASMINE TEA
Box literally looked ran over and all crackers and cookies smashed
however, it does not taste like movie theatre butter. add some salt and you are set!
Did Not tast any different than other store bought brands
Poor taste poor quality and not worth the price. I cannot see any good in this.
It is pretty bitter
Not ripe enough to eat, taste is not sweet either with a bit sourness
I like this product
I like the Better Than Bouillon products, but at almost $12 for an 8 oz. bottle is pretty absurd.
Although it has organic cane sugar as opposed to corn syrup, it has a lot of it
Seasoning it did not meet my expectations
All 6 cans of Blue Runner Red beans were dented when they arrived.
These where hot I will admit, but I have eaten hotter dried ghost peppers than these.
Not all it is cracked up to be
Not enough dill flavor for my taste buds.
Coffee, got a damaged and open box.  I ordered and paid for two only received a quantity of one
Water is great, price is outrageous.
Does in one month
Did not taste fresh. Something was a little off with the flavor. Much prefer blue diamond.
I do not know if it was one of the contents that mad it smell old, and it did not taste that great.
not to eat food from china. I do buy products from china just not food.
Ok but weak tomato tast
This is a calorie dense granola that has almost no flavor
Worked for wedding cake.
I have not used it yet. Is not leaking, but side of can was caved in 75% of its height.
Not that hot....See below
Not the same seal as Sean on the picture
I do not know if halving them makes them more bland.  But not much taste.
Decent flavor but weak. Was ok if I made a smaller cup or if I chose to drink it black.
everything was not granular it was caked together ,will not purchase again.
Was supposed to be K-pods, but was bags. Very likely my mistake. Just for the record.
Do not like the taste, plus has natural flavor which were not listed.
The popcorn had a very mild barbecue flavor , almost non-existing and was disappointing.
I did not like the cinnamon in it.
I use this in my morning tea
The price was high for small can
We like the product but it had leaked in shipping!
Meant for OUTDOORS! It died inside
Get the original flavor.  Too acidic.  I got a little gut rot and heartburn from it.
Should have returned it
Really salty. Worse than I remembered
It is like water with color,has no flavor no caffeine.
There was a lot of hype about this specific tea, but I found it underwhelming.
It has a less than mild taste and the flavors of the coffees are barely noticed.
The flavor and color of the product has changed.
Was hoping it would taste like the milk teas I buy at the store made but had no flavor.
Much of it was broken in wrappers
Their advertisement is spectacular, but I was not impressed with the product
There was over an inch of smashed nuts at the bottom. That is unacceptable
Super small - My fault, I thought it would be bigger.
for the price it fell short of expected
I prefer my bananas yellow or ripe
Had sugar on them. Its my fault I ordered them.
Maybe I was the pack I picked, but I had 2 flowery heads. The entire pack was stem.
I did not Like no subtly sweet pure leaf tea. I prefer the regular.
The salt has a nice flavor but I was disappointed that it came in a plastic container.
Slightly smaller pieces then I expected. Maybe they are all that way now.
Coffee has no flavor 
I Did not like the flavor
They were dry and a bit smaller than expected.
Not all the k cups will puncture on the bottom. A little disappointed but coffee was awesome
Like organic but not the taste.
Smaller than expected
Tasty, but SUPER hard.
Not a lot of wild rice in the box.
a Darker roast then should be listed for a medium roast.
I thought from the name/description they would be a very spicy flavor. They seem bland to me.
All is well when delivered correctly
Does taste as I remember from having as a kid
The cookies were melted when I received the box.
not enough flavor
6 out of the 12 cans dented!
Not what I expected in taste
It did not come with the seasoning..
Taste like expected.
The nuts are a little stale.  Not quite as good as the other nuts we ordered.
The flavor of the kale is a little too much for me.
Several of the cans were bent. Unsure if they will be useable.
Nice product.  But definitely not spicy in the least.  Just a basic Italian seasoning.
Does not work well in Microwave Popcorn Popper
Not EXACTLY the same as what I purchased from my local health food store, but seems to work.
Granddaughter was not a big fan of this.
This bothered my stomach  I will stay with Lakanto erythritol with monk fruit
It tastes weird like its beef not chicken
Good tasty and expensive beef.
The package arrived opened and the cookies were smashed and tasted like soap.
Not the taste I expected
They have recently changed to the pizza flavored goldfish that are not a hit with my kids.
Picks were a bit too long for cupcakes. Gymnasts are paper. Only gold on one side
this item came in 6 pack and I only received 5 jars, would like the 1 jar shorted
Too small for the money. Taste is ok but just know this is not chips just dried fruits.
Was not very tasteful or flavorful
Not a lot of flavor as expected
This was just a little too sweet for lemonade
I Did not get that lychee flavor
Smaller then expected, ended up not using them.
"Almonds were chewy and tasted rather ""old""."
These are really good, but I got sick of them fast.
Only 10 blooms were in the case but on the description said 12 So just want to return
a bit spicy, but they do the trick for a crunchy snack
It dried out very fast
Thought I was getting one box with 160 bags
Could have been softer.
Husband was not a fan of the one.
It does not have even a hint of the taste of bacon, it just tastes like regular Spam.
Very chalky taste. It is such a small amount too. Probably will not buy again.
I use this item for my salads, so convenient
Did not like it as well as the Blue Box
Second time I buy it my child loves it but I have a problem I have been charged twice for the order
Flavor is very bitter. Some of the pods had slight dents. Package came in different languages...
The powder came with humidity and because that, the powder turn in to strongs balls
I ordered this by mistake
The salt is great. The pepper is terrible.
After trying three I do not get the reviews kind of lame
Just what I wanted
Although in an envelope to protect it the bag was busted open
Boxes arrived crushed, one box was busted open.
This has a bitter taste. I would not recommend this for making salad dressing.
Opened and spilled out in packaging upon arrival
One of them leaked all over the package
Did not like melting of candy received.
Yes it is healthy snacks but extremely expensive
Pretty weak on flavor
A lot of them came crumbled up.
Turns my tongue and lips purple
Close to Starbucks
Buy them in season or they have no flavor.
Definitely expected these to be a lot bigger!
Ordered spicy by mistake did not try
Great taste for keto.  Very expensive.
Received product in good time unfortunately the candy was extremely hard and not fresh
That box is gone
Crackers have hardened l & appear an old stock
No Almond Flour = Not a Madeline in the traditional sense....
Not what I thought it would taste like after seeing it on Shark tank.
The taste is just not good.  Similar to a strong tea.
Not what I expected
All stuck together
did what i expected
It tastes alright. I will stick to Coffee Mate instead.
I had no idea this was laden with a lot of message, salt and sugar.
Was not the fries I wanted
Dry and not much fruit. I will stick with Assumption Abby fruitcake from now on
Product was received totally melted and has to be eaten by spoon since it is not returnable.
The coffee did not have any flavor would not recommend
Too much eggs, not enough meat.
These are tasty but you hardly get much for the price. Not worth it.
Not very much chocolate
Upon delivery one of the containers the seal is broken. The other one is fine.
The coffer is good for the money but the cup came busted in one bag twice.  Kidda disappointed.
Very expensive not so great
really mini...i thought they were the bite size bars these are half a bite size.
I forgot what they tasted like and yup just as gross I remember
Not the flavor for me.
Product works but has a bit of burnt taste
Sometimes this product works for me and then do not. I think to myself this is regular milk. Why?
Flavor had slightly bitter aftertaste. Probably will not buy again
One of the caps on the bottle was cracked and will not stay on the bottle.
Grew up on the regular canned pumpkin and the organic - PURE pumpkin was much different.
These were nice but I did not get 24 mermaids to put on the cupcakes so that was disappointing
It was a little much lots of sugar and was for a 90th birthday
the product was old
Was not as tasty as Carnation and more expensive.
As described,  but not very tasty.
Does not taste like the actual strawberry syrup undfortuantely
Deceived by picture! Not size I thought I was paying for!
I love these but they tasted stale.
I do not like the flavor. but my brother likes it
Good product but a bit expensive. Would not buy again.
This is not what I thought I would be getting. They are not glaze with sugar.
These were really good but not worth $10 for a small package
I did not like that the product did not taste greatly fresh. Had a weird taste.
This pasta had a strange smell, which affected the flavor.  Not up to Krafts usual standard.
One of the packages had mold on the bagels
Skip these. Flavors sound tasty and tempting but they were a big disappointment.
Several pieces were melted out of their wrapper,  so stickiness prevailed.
Sent to grandchildren
I love these, but not a good value. Cheaper to get locally (e.g. World Market).
Package came in tact.
Not sure if I did something incorrectly but they are not as vibrant as the picture shows.
Vegan friendly... Contains milk?  I am a little confused as words have meaning.
Delivered on time & product as expected.
This gum is okay...it loses its flavor fast.
good stuff but getting pricey, they charge for shipping now even though i am a PRIME member. :(
Love hint, but too expensive for what you get
It was not horrible but it was not great.
The taste of pumpkin was off and lots of crumbs.
Came shattered had to toss in trash
We used these as treats with our lesson on Noah's ark and the rainbow.
I feel like these went bad pretty fast, wayyy before they grew into regular size
Not bad.  rather thin.
The flavor could definitely use improvements if you like to take straight from the spoon.
Had to throw out 4 of the pops because they are open
Not as big as I thought & no lily's or buds on it.
I must hurry and eat all theses seeds by next month, I should have only purchased one bag.
just colour, not really different taste
All the cans came DENTED
It had less cookies and was smaller than traditional boxes
It was smooshed in shipping and looks wet like its old
Small pieces and not equally divided to many Milky Ways
Product top broken and bottle squished
I do not recommend it. It is way too salty and the roe is not flavorful.
Candies are ok..the low rating is forso far half the candies I have eaten have no filling
You will get only 24-1 ounce boxes at this time not 144 as others have said
Not what I expected but cannot complain.
This batch was a little bland. Could be the time of year! They were all fresh though!
Slightly better than a weak cup of folgers
It is like eating a frozen mango. Not like a popsicle.
it'only ok...nothing to write home about
Way too many busted and broken pretzels.
Pieces were broken like left overs.  Not the pristine clean pieces I was expecting
My kids do not like the flavor of this cinnamon.
Short freshness time
A bit too big.  I prefer smaller almonds.
A lot of the candy was melted and came in big blobs..
Not a lot of flavor.
Nice product but, to expensive
The cheese flavored crackers are not tasty.
bearly any crema
Double spice is too much spice
Its price is higher.. the size not worth the price
They are ginger, and I found they are way too spicy for me to eat.
I wish this was a bit sweeter,  it is a bit bitter for my taste.
I did not like the aftertaste. It has a metallic bitter aftertaste that lingers.
They did not look like the pic.
Not much flavor to this tea.
Box was broken upon shipping.  Tea is fine.
It is like sugar free Gatorade, but for poor people.
I will not order them again.Did not like the flavor.(or lack of).
It is alright, but nothing to write home about...  Probably would not buy it again.
one of them were leaking when I received
Not what I spected
It does not really taste like a blueberry muffin. Pass..
runnier than the smaller containers
Not enough candy for the price
Flavor was subpar and the ingredients felt low quality - the chicken meat I had was mostly fat.
It tastes like Styrofoam with strawberry flavor
too salty for me
Not great mostly salt
Picture shows 18, headline states 10 pack.  They are only selling a 10 pack
Smaller then I expected.
It was so bitter almost taste like coffee.
I thought I was ordering Celebes coffee.  The flavor of this is DRAB.
Only 90 day shelve life left.
They came broken, not all of them but most of them..
I order the box with the 3 sausages but only received 2.
Bottle was sample size. I was expecting more for the price.  This just was not a good value.
Many broken pieces. But they work as topping for yogurt or ice cream.
Its Honey-  it taste just like honey, so if  you like the taste of honey, buy this honey.
I got this for my daughter who loves tea time with mom and she was not a fan of the flavor
I am not agree with advertising is misleading showing 15 bottles and sending only 10
tastes the same as the other ones
Quite dry....not like the ones I got i Italy
"Sometimes ""organic"" comes at the expense of flavor -- and such is the case here."
Nice packing but the rice is way too hard. Not easy to chew
There is not much seasoning as usual and they taste old.
Just a lot of tea bags stuffed in a box.
Some of the bags of popcorn were busted open
The chocolate was not a prevalent flavor. I could not taste any chocolate at all.
Its ok,I had rather had just all-purpose flour though.
These Bagels need to be softer.
Not much flavor it gets to where it seems you are chewing wax
Does not have enough roufage
I was not please with the results of this product.
These are smaller than the ones I buy at grocery store, about 25% smaller in size
A lil too there for my liking
Prefer 16oz bottle.
I love Smarties, these are a bit expensive.
Needed sage to be added.
This gum has flavor for 5 minutes then its done, tastes like chalk.  I would not purchase again.
Definitely not spicy enough
love the marshmallow/choc stirrers but 5 in pkg were broken,
Not a big fan of the taste.
Will probably not purchase again
Almost inedible with all the sand. Almost every bite had crunchy sand.
Used to be one of my favorite cold cereals.
It has a fruit taste and the smoothness of chocolate.
Not quite the taste that I expected
A bit string and somewhat butter for my taste.
A lot smaller than pictured.
Improve the sealing of the container.
tast like India traditional favors, But it is a little bitter .
After eating a lot of Fage cups, I believe the Chobani flavor and texture are inferior.
Family was not a big fan of the flavors
I like these but lots of grounds in bottom of cup.
Flimsy, 6 year old would not let me even put them in his cake
Smaller than expected.
Tastes delish but the flavor does not last.
There is nothing organic coming from China
Fast service. Not butterscotchy enough.
Despite being organic it was not as tasty as a regular mix.
It works! That is all I expected. It does not wow me.
I like the product, but the size of the chips are smaller then I like.
Not as much flavor as the larger bag you would buy at the grocery store. Would not purchase again.
Curing salts are curing salts
Bags were smaller than expected
Fyi comes with a mess of  500 I assume thrown in box a complete mess.
Not much flavor, thought it was to be stronger then the Classic lavazza
I was expecting this to taste like store-bought kombucha, but it does not taste anything like that.
Did not really care for these. Too dry
Very tasty but tough. Maybe they were not cooked long enough or something
Only issue for me is it has too much of a hotness after eating it. Would like something milder.
The eggs came flat as a pancake.
Not nearly as good as Waterloo but satisfied in a pinch.
It is one box for 16.99
Do not like the taste at all.  Spicy yes, but did not like the flavor at all.
A good quantity but a lot of broken leaves or leaves with small holes.
The box was much smaller than I thought it would be.
One came smashed of three
The string bean are for my dogs
Maybe it is familiarity but I prefer the taste of Huy Fong sriracha.
No expiration date on a food product is negligent by the manufacturer.
The lids were loose on 2 and one jar leaked in the box, ultimately had to trash the jar
Like Pickapeppa spicy mango. Not real mango-ey, not as hot as the spicy mango from pickapeppa.
received them melted. I had to freeze them for a while.
"Do not think it needs the extra ""natural"" flavor."
These are tasty but the kernels you have to spit out really makes it difficult to enjoy them.
Very crunchy but not great taste...sticks to your teeth.
This company sends the boxes of tea in a bag so the boxes get smashed
The taste is OK , not amazing. It is just 3 little bags for 20+$ seems excessive.
Just a heads up..... My walmart has these in store for under $5. Used for tiktok recipe.
I was not a fan of the taste, but I drank it over over a 1-2year span
One of the 4 bottles was only half full !
Previous purchases were fresh and soft.  This bag almost needed a hammer to bite in.
They do not roast well over a fire at all. Very small amount for such a high price
It wore off after a minute
Have not had an opportunity to use these yet. But they look just like tge photos.
Only received 11 of the 12 bars ordered
Did not like this flavor at all. Tastes like fingernail polish remover.
It is reminds me of thanksgiving seasoning
More bland flavors than great ones. I am disappointed.
Two of the cans were damaged and leaked in the box.
Most cookies were broken.  the packing air pillows had gone flat.
kill infestation of piss/sugar ants.
Disappointed but still ate it it lol
Too salty and no flavor. Never buy again.
Overpriced. Do not buy candy in amazon
INEXPENSIVE  COFFE WITH FLAVOR..
some of the flavors were weird and there is almost too many choices. Probably would not buy again.
Boxes arrived crushed.
Would not buy again. Only 4 chips in bags and way to salty
The flowers were pretty yet fake looking and plastic like.  Not bad, but would not buy again.
I like this seasoning!!!! But,,, I bought 3 of them , one was opened, I throw it in trash!!!
All on that Want To Date train
I Prefer Lavazaa or Starbucks espresso roast over this.
Weaker than description
Good but expensive
Overpriced and melted on 2 separate orders.
Rubbery eggs, not hot enough.
Do not notice any difference in my energy or alertness when drinking this.
Not something I would normally buy but I wanted to try a new low carb recipe that called for it.
The the cookies, but the chunks of candied ginger are a little much for me.
The flavor was not great and the thickness was too much for me to enjoy.
Not quite the quality or taste I had hoped for, but it is still a bargain for the price.
The beans were around six weeks old when I got them. I prefer fresher
The straws do not work very well because the bottom is not angled like regular boba straws.
Was as though someone stuffed the packets in a hefty bag.
Broken and cracked crumbled up. Hardly worth eating
Does not have a Brownie taste
Can was really hard to open.  Broke the tab trying to open.  Can would not work in can opener.
Marked up: look, taste. Marked down: too much pepper!
I like the taste and flavor but I did not like the price
Fairly weak coffee- taste is ok, but very little body to it.
Too tart for my tastes. A bit pricey too.
I use  these beans as a salad
New version. Smaller and not as tasty. Oh well.
Watch the sugars and carbs..
That is it.  just ok.  Or maybe it is stale.  Flat flavorless.
They taste like those scented pencils everyone had in middle school
My 4 yo picked this for a Christmas present for Dad. Smelled of grape. Tasted like wax.
The taste does not equal the maple syrup I am used to.  Otherwise just good, not excellent.
Product is fragile and box was not well padded.
Its not that bad given the price. It has a funky tase and smell most likely from the sauce.
Not what I was expected, a little bit old.
Monster needs to make raspberry rehab again!!!
The flavor has changed. Do not have the richness and buttery taste.
Ordered two tins. Both were sealed but only tin one had a lid.
Really not different than hot-brewed version.
I tried 2 months nothing happened
all taste the same to me..
I prepared this for a quick lunch.was not very happy about the flavor and thier was too much sauce
flavor not the same as earlier years
Did not care for the flavor
Ordered a variety pack so my son could see which he likes. Received 2 boxes of French Roast.
I think overall the product is alright did not like it so much
Was glad to find sugar-free marshmallows but quite expensive and not low-carb.
This is a 1.05 PT and 500ml bottle. Not a 16.9 oz
You do not get a lot for the price..
I Am comparison to store pricing this was much more expensive
Ok but not great!
These did not work well in the microwave. Did contact and was issued a refund.
It does not have the same flavor as it once did.
Not what I expected.
Pork rinds were dusted with the flavor but the dust did not stick.
The mandarin orange had begun fermentation and tasted somewhere between beer and wine.
Getting used to the different flavor. Not your typical bergamot.
Teabags let a lot of solid material through.
Not minty enough.
Product was smashed. Just the box, but is used to dispense
It was a fun game to play with our adult children.
Tasted good but the loafs were really small.  Was not worth the price.  Will not buy again.
I got very sick from gluten free. So I cannot say I love it.
Has a funny taste, not sure if I would buy again.
I will use for soap making , looks kind of dirty to use it like tea. Just my opinion.
The candies were broken because of poor packaging. But the flavor is awesome.
Thought it was oil based might be but it did not mix well with wax and oils
Correct PIC should be posted for this ....
I bought the instant. I need the cook one
Want regular sized cans
The flavor was not tart like normal and the texture was rock hard .
Not very flavorful, especially in comparison with luxardo cherries.
This was ok. The texture was a little weird. I do not think I will buy it again
The box was crushed/smushed that is the only complaint I have other than that good cereal
Was supposed to be the variety pack
The popcorn was stale. The oil is great, but it is been warehouses too long
Uggg... about 1/3 of the cookies are broken.  Pretty bummed.
you get what you pay for.
Way over priced for amount in bag
One of the three containers had its seal open.
Sometimes smooth sometimes lumpy which hard to dissolve then.
I just miss the shells.
If you love coconut then you will like it, sadly I cannot stand the smell of it.
Not so much to me,texture is odd
I do not know why they keep raising the price of the drink the coconut one went up 15-20 in a week
these are tasty but costly.
Wish they were darker when I wrote on the cookies.
Everyone wants a big bag of the nacho cheese ones
The flavor was unexpected.
I personally prefer the Lipton.
Gift for grandma, the only person in our town that still owns a senseo. Bought her a Keurig later.
Since they went from 90 calorie to 70 they feel more dry and have less taste.
Took forever to deliver and expired too soon
A blast from the past. As good as I remember.. shipping very slow and convoluted
A little bit of mushy content..but not bad for the price..
Tastes great. Very expensive.
Used it for a pie.
It was melt smash
Said 8.  I received 7!!
It finally came!  I think it was stuck in NJ.
These were expired
A recipe booklet would be helpful to see alternative ways to use it.
Product without defects
More than half of the flavors were not good. But because the price was decent, I give three stars.
Chocolate had turned white and was crunchy
There was not enough coffee flavor in it for me.
Product was as expected.
Not a favorite goes mushy really quick
This was a different change of treat for me.
I actually got something else but decided to keep it
I found the flavor to be meh. Maybe i did not add enough paste but i think i will try another brand
I expected larger jars for the price. And one jar was leaking....
Was not Honey Nut Cheerios!
Not enough flavor
Lacks richness, not much white chocolate flavor. Will not purchase again.
Still a little too sweet for me
not as robust as my husband was expecting
We will see, Thank you!
I bought two for $20.55 but it only came with one box.
I do not like the noodle texture.  I like the sauce though.
I like girl scout cookies alwas have.
chocolate was melted ice saver was melted also
So the glacier one tastes like it is old and been sitting on the self for too long.
The flavor is not the greatness they do not have a fruity taste at all to them
It takes a lot to get cheese flavor on popcorn.
Not very good.  Prefer other high end brands but this is cheaper.....
Too expensive for what you get. He liked them though.
Tasty local but not low sodium snack.
No time to replace tin before the holidays, when it arrived dented.
Same problem with Ice. Burnt the veggie
Sauce is a bit bitter compared to other crab paste on Amazon. But the price is worth it
Too much raspberry not enough chocolate
I used it for travel
Sent as a gift to my father. Two cans arrived nearly exploded.
Came with broken bulb. Popcorn does not get hot enough  cannot find bulb it had
It is not all that for the price. I can make a batter myself and it will taste the same
The variety was good but the coffees just are not quality sadly.
They are real tasty but are very small
Meh. I loved the regular buffalo ones but these almost had no flavor, unfortunately
I was looking for something over to the flavor of a Orange Julias
Bones are very cute but received broken ones. The packaging was not secure enough.
The flavor, overall, was a bit underwhelming. I will stick to regular Oreos for now.
Caspule too wimpy.
Bought for myself; overpriced for what you get.  Will not be buying again.
Warning. One other person posted this same issue. Count in box is less then 30.
They were a lot smaller than expected!
too small for a meal.  But easy to prepare for a side item
Love the portion control but 2 out of the ten were pushed down and open so I had to throw them away
Much smaller than i anticipated.
I only gave 3 stars because of the price, I love the tea! But so expensive!
You may be buying one of the last canisters ever sold.
Late delivered rest all was fine
Did not like this flavored coffee as well as Hazelnut flavor.
This product came with less then five month left till due date.
Not nearly as flavorful as I anticipated.
I love Teavana Earl Grey alone, however, I do not like this flavor at all. Taste Weird to me
Bars much smaller than expected, all tasted about the same.
The flavor is okay but not great. Probably would not buy again.
Tasted different
Very disappointed.  While the sell by date was ok, these were just not soft and fresh.
Need to use a lot of this product to get a sweet taste and has a weird after taste.
Do not know if I am going to buy another bottle.
Half the chocolate was melted :( but it did not stop my boys from eating it all LOL
Coffee is weak not strong tasting. Too mild for me
They tasted off .. not like I expected
They taste alright. The bags are T I N Y. Not wort $15
Great flavor but really thin texture that I did not enjoy.
ITS A GOOD QUALITY SAUCE BUT IF YOU WANT CHILI SPICE THERE IS NOT MUCH HERE :(
Image on Amazon totally NOT as depicted!
I think this variety of espresso is a bit bitter.
it is just peanut butter
Love the taste !  Does not taste nasty. Keeps you full.
The popcorn I ordered is stale. Some of the bags were fresh, but not all of them
I get split pea is kind of bland, something just kind of taste unappetizing about the batch I got.
"Ok. A bit of an ""off"" taste, though."
It was really late and probably was not worth it. I still liked making the foods though.
Tea flavor was strong Raspberry was not sweet enough
Not really tasty.
Could not help but buy this for the tiktok trend
Not sure it tastes like caramel, just really sweet.  No caramel listed in the ingredients.
Hardly any pickle slices in the jar:  jars used to be full of sliced pickles.
Not the same brand as shown
I did not like the mini M&Ms.  Dropped on floor frequently.  Too small for old hands.
Like the brand of coffee, but only #12.
Price says 6.98. But at checkout it is 11.19.
I would not recommend.
I prefer the peach pieces and gel with the same peach flavor.
Over rated, will not be purchasing again
Weightwatchers... but why all the sugar???
This product does not seem fresh to me. I feel one bag is not potent enough.
Thought I ordered them with crunch berries....sad face
I was expecting exactly like the theater kind. A bot disappointed
Taste like sugar and play dough. But when you are on a cut...
They were busted. It looked like they had been dropped.
It looks like it will do what I wanted it for!
Had only tiny bits of onion, pickle etc - not larger chunks as expected.
Ordered 2 boxes, and received 3.
Just was not for me.
Can arrived dented/damaged.  Have not tried it yet.
every cracker was in crumbles.
Bag was cut slightly open on the corner within the mailed packaging.
I thought they were a little larger
Some are too hard and dry. This is actually a bit too soft for my taste.
Need to double the strength.
They are fine. Average, just like the others. A little overpriced for how much you get, though.
I literally cannot taste anything!!
Did not like the condition the box arrived. It was a gift and I had to put them in something else.
Much smaller than I expected for the price.
These freezer pops are small.  Very flavorful
Do not like the taste!!
I thought they were a bit too salty
Prompt delivery. My mom loved them. But I was disappointed. Not a lot of flower for the money $.
The cookies are not the same as the one in the picture
Be careful that it is the organic version of this product.
The UK chocolate is way different than american chocolate and I did not like it as much.
Not sure if the sesame flavor is strong in this oil.It tastes like cooking oil.
Goes bad pretty quick even before the expiry date stated on the carton.
Flavors are not evenly mixed or close to it.  Got 2 orange and 12 cream sodas.
my kids did not like how the tasted.
It does not taste like mangos, it is so expensive and not the worth the money.
Tasty but the crackers were completely smashed when I opened the box.
THIS IS PAPER NOT AN ACTUAL CAP.
There were a few pieces of candy that came in the bag.The price for this bag was to high
nowhere look like as it is shown in the picture..its a whole bar of big ass chocolate..
I am just in my feelings about one of theost toxic drink makers decided yo dive into water.
Good, but very expensive!
They are grapes. What is to review?
Did not work for descaling coffee maker.
Pretzels were in pieces.  Only a few whole pretzels in container.
My personal do not like these favor. I only try each one of them, then leave it at the corner.
Great product, but found it at the local supermarket for $ 2 less per package. Too expensive
They were smashed and hard to eat.  Regular creme better.
They were all stuck together.
Flavor was so-so.  I would not buy it again.
Love the syrup however the lid and seal was broken in shipping and there is no way to contact them
They were not really dark chocolate as advertised. Still tasty but not real dark chocolate
I should have looked for low salt. But I also should have known that it would  be too salty for me.
Tasty, however watch the size you purchase. Tiny bags not necessarily worth the cost.
wanted the powder had to grind this
It tastes bitter to me. I will go with Fuji next time.
Maybe I will try the turmeric blend
a little too sweet for me
Not like the grocery store ones
Will not order.this.again do not like.the taste
Tastes like regular roasted cashews. Not much difference and a bit over priced.
One bottle was delivered open and everywhere in the box. Price for these is high.
some were not sealed
"Not as""hearty"" as advertised."
Bit over priced when Wal-Mart has them for 4 bucks each.
I find coconut chocolate drinks are better, but can be expensive
It does not blend well and comes out very gritty on the bottom of the cup
Did not like how they look.
These arrived melted!
Learning how to use in keto recipes.  Wash to work with
Definitely was spicy but maybe it could have done without the cane juice.
One of the plants was just 3 little pieces so do not think they were worth the price
Love popcorn as a healthy snack.  The small kernels pop small.  I like fuller big poppers.
Not as flavorful as I thought
as described - recommended seller overpriced
Getting through mail.....they were somewhat crushed
I like that it is less sodium, but it lacks in flavor, may work for soups and such.
I did not like the soup that much, compared to miso soup packets from other brands.
It is too salty for me.
The two pack of the biscotti had severely damaged (pulverized) pieces
Cereal is good but too expensive online
It was ok, but not great.
Bigger than expected.
Some of the candy in the container was stuck together.
Not good enough, the leaf is too large
Some sand in it! Not good do not want sand in my good. Not sure why. Do not buy!
Did not fill me up as expected
not sure if it really works...
Not bad... not god. Lakes flavor and  Prosciutto should be salty but this was a little bland
They are ok. Seemed a little stale to me.
Very peppery to my taste - and yes, I mixed it thoroughly.
I love Genoa hard salami, but did not really love this
The product is good however the container was badly damaged upon arrival.
Too salty for me but my teenage son loves them.
Did not taste like I was expecting
The mints leave your mouth stained
Tea was nice, never received the tea infuser.  False advertising.
It was a variety of items but not enough or brands for the money.
JUST AN AVERAGE CANDY, I EXPECTED MORE
8 packs expire in 2 months
I ordered 6 bags. 4 were great but two were not all the way freeze dried and tough so I threw them.
Only received one in my two pack.
It did not come with all of the products it claimed to.
I received the package
These look like Red Hots, taste like red hots, but are not as hot as red hots.
It is alright not nasty but not great tasting either
Product and picture description is a bit different
love them but too expensive
"Barely tastes like jasmine. Should be called ""green tea with a hint of jasmine""."
Not a lot of flavor !
After the peanut butter cups I had very high hopes for these, they were a complete let down.
I did not care for the taste.
They were all melted together
I do not understand why such a good product was received stale.
Almonds are pasteurized.
they were okay, do not recommend putting them in the fridge. they get hard enough to break teeth
I did not like the flavor
I did not like the fish candy. Smells and wow tastes like fish.  Not a candy at all
Just not the flavor I was looking for a.
I thought it was going to be bigger and thicker.
Item was damaged. Jar was cracked.
Not a big fan of dark roast coffee
I have not really eaten Brazil before so they are a little bland but I guess that is normal.
I cannot do this one pretty bland, thick and just something is off.
Could not get it to mix well, I did not like the flavors.
The bag I received was expired.
I like this dressing  The warehouse dumps off dented bottles and cans on deliveries.
I like them, but I do not recommend you buy them online, they all got together...
I love hazelnut but this smells too artificial. I would not buy it again
To. Much syrup.Good for pancakes.Way to expensive for a tiny jar.
As expected, not much else to say.
The cherries were much smaller than expected and the juice leaked out of several of the cherries
There were to many blue raspberry in the bag. Of course they give you the most of the worst flavor.
They were alright but I will  try a different one next time to compare
Its not full jar , little more than half..
basically no flavor
Not what I expected at all
4 bags where open and Spilt all out in the box
Disliked The price . Flavor was ok. I like the low calories, carbs, and sodium.
Had strange taste Not worth the price
10 out of 12 cans were dented
It taste like a regular cup of coffee no vanilla flavor at all
Do not taste any peppermint
ok coffee not good enough to buy again however
Product was overly greasy.
Took a couple weeks to get it.,
Not what I was expecting.  Strawberries were not sweet at all nor tasted fresh.
Love the smell, color, however, the coating is a bit heavy and very thick
Same great coffee with an outrageous price
The nuts were kind of stale almost rancid
We are dark chocolate fans but we found these to be too gritty.
Not as good as Pomagranite pistachio. So sad.
You definitely taste the tabesco but it is not that spicy fyi. Even my tot eats it no problem.
This is seem not st f
Not my cup of tea
Very bland. Does not really taste like Sumatra... not bad for regular coffee but very mild
Not the same as my mother used to make.
the taste was not great, but paired it with hummus made it a little better
Not a big box only 4 sandwichs
useful little snacks for gift boxes
This was a gift.  Arrived without the gift card, which led to confusion on the part of recipient.
First box was stale tasting; 2nd box sent to me and was much better but not totally sold on them
Coffee expires in 3 months and 11 days.
not sure I like these bars but it is my first experience with protein bars
A little too sweet for me but I mis it with some reg coffee..
Tasted okay. Was not awesome taste as expected.
overpriced product.. only bought item because I needed it during covid shelter in place
The bottle only lasts 8 days that breaks down to a bit over a dollar a day
Cookies were all in crumbles. Could not use as a gift.
Not going to be a favorite. I can eat them, but not good.
Some of the tea bags get stuck to the wrapper so it is unusable.
Not bad tasting, but the popcorn itself is tough. Will not order again.
It is a little too sweet for me.
Sorry, we are not fans, too sweet.
Thought I was ordering shredded but got pulverized like sawdust- but still favorable.
It have different taste
I do not particularly favor tea but I know of people who drink this brand daily
Does what it is suppose to do. Have to get use to the flavor.
It was smaller than expected but it was tasty.
Not great for french press, comes out very watery.
Flavor is alright
Did not know the product contained pistachios.
I received only one pack
Cookies were crumbled  does not allow for replacement
Ended up giving this bottle away, too bitter for my needs.
Product was missing a quarter of its contents. Disappointed, but otherwise excellent oil
This was yummy. Will probably buy again
Tastes good but too expensive
Sweet taste but way WAY TOO small
The relish was as bit too sweet.  I prefer some bite which was missing.
It does not taste anything like Cotton Candy to me.
I did not like that when i ordered in bulk it did not mention the expiration date
Most of the lollipops are broken or cracked.
I made a mistake ordering this product. I was looking for roasted sunflower seeds
It is the thin, tough, leather type jerky. Great flavor but never cared for the jaw, aching chew.
Received my package today & there is only 23 cans not 24
Cute, but at least a third of them were broken
Did not like the flavor of  No
They were to spicy for us to eat.
Was missing the white bear!
taste differently then remembered
Sorry but do not expect an outstanding brew. You will not jump out of bed to hit the coffee maker.
Product arrived today (april 8th) expiration date is april 23
The strawberries started to mold.
good syrup but too expensive!
Smaller than expected. Did not read the description. Hopefully it really was gourmet.
A bit harsh for my taste, but similar to results from any good quality dark roast.
They were alittle dry
Tough consistency and did not taste much like teriyaki.
The taste is ok, it takes some getting used to. I think it is very expensive for what you get.
These have all been repackaged and tossed into a box.
Cafe Du Monde deserves the 5 stars. This one only gets 3.
I expected this chocolate to be very dark, but not so bitter.  Seemed to be old.
We did not care for it. Wish I knew how to make green sauce like the Mexican restaurants do.
Did not get mixture...all red but tasty
Not a fan of the flavor!! It could just be me!!
very heavy on the cinnamon, but not too hot.
Not the flavors I am in ya heard
The bottle was open and leaked out a bit.
...it did not have the chocolate-raspberry flavor that I was hoping for.
The picks were to long and had to cut them shorter.
The vacuum in almost all the pods was gone  Lack of freshness
The taste is just so-so for me.
I did not like the flavor of this coffee. Left a bitter aftertaste
I gave them a 3 star rating because they never became soft like a berry when rehydrated.
Large and pretty but connector ring is way to weak and breaks off
Old and brown with no fragrance
I was intrigued with the concept, but after tasting it, it does not suit me.
Tastes good but the weird strings in it put me off.
They kept arriving with lid off!
I love the product but unfortunately 12 of The 24 cans were damaged. Would like replacements.
wish i knew how to fix something with these.
Like that I can make sandwich...lacks flavor and has chewy texture
I expected a little more of the chocolate and the raspberry taste.
Could Not taste the pear
Popcorn does not always pop even when following the instructions.
Not like I expected. Bacon flavor is a hint.
Tasty ok.But price little too high
Heavy cheese flavor and no discernible bacon. Big price for small-ish faux Quiche Lorraine.
The taste is a little off. The nacho cheese flavor just is not the same.
I thought it would be hotter. It had hardly any hot in it.
The kids said the candy lost its taste just after a few minutes. Seems like it was old
Too sweet for by taste. A little goes a long way.
A weird taste you have to get use to. The strawberry is better.
used it once or twice. not a big fan
Did not have enough filling for us. Will not buy again.
I was surprised that it tasted a lot like Tabasco. Tasted a lot of vinegar and was not that spicy.
all 3 boxes were open other than the they Seen fine but they did arrive like about a week late
out of six boxes half are sweet and half are almost unsweet
Again melted pieces and stuck together
Not a big fan of this.
It does not froth.
Off putting smelly
Warming up ginger tea
Only 2 of 10 have leaves. Unimpressive.
good, but very expensive for the amount.
A bit too dry for my kids liking.
I tasted it but did not really like it.
This is NOT Chunk tuna. Rather, it is the bits of leftover tuna
Cookie was almost stale.you
I did not realize that these would be the sour/tart variety type...
They were not sour at all.
It is a plastic bottle
Decent but heavy on on style but limited on others.  Needs to be evened out.
This tasted watered down. Definitely did not taste like hot chocolate.
Edible but not great. Crunch is good. Texture is like a traditional chip.
The package you get is not the package that is advertised for the product.
Its very convenient but not the same boldness as brewing it from the coffee grinds.
Mixed reviews from our kids on the flavor
Jar did not make a pop when opened
Received today and expire August 1.  Repackaged them 5 cookies each for freezer.
Arived not ony open but safety foil ripped open
Blow your head off spicy. I would only put in 1/4 of what your recipe calls for.
All but two cookies we received were broken.  However the decorations were adorable.
The packages was damaged.
Very small bottles but you get what you pay for. Tastes OK.
This was a great price but the packaging was too thin so a lot of it is dusty and cracked
A child could not unwrap these without help. I had to use scissors.
These are delicious BUT arrived melted. Packaged only in a bubble envelope. Disappointing!
Just a tiny one pound ham.
I am disappointed that the tahini is not thick but more like water, but I expect a paste texture.
Very little crab mostly filler like breadcrumbs etc. Not much taste and very salty
It is a weak tea that has a subtle peanut aroma to it. I was expecting something more full bodied.
I like the chocolate but the bars were shattered. We had to eat them out of bowls.
Decent, but too garlic heavy. That tends to overwhelm the other flavors in it.
I do not care for the product like it used to be what happened?
Have to use a lot in order to taste it in coffee.
They were ok- just slightly disappointed because they all ended up tasting like the same flavor.
They were harder then what you buy in store so i am assuming old
One can was totally crushed.
has good flavor but you can not make up a batch to have around.  It does go bad.
I bought this for a school project and I got a B so it did its job.
Not bad, but not GREAT.
Ok, but not great.
It is like they have been sitting a while
Not that low sodium
If refrigeration is desired ,,it should be stated on the package
watermelon still my fav flavor
There are better options out there but there is also worse options. This is somewhere in the middle.
Was solid when I received. Have to chip it out
made this for my DH to have chili while he watches football. He loves it.
Arrived all broken, and without much taste
4 bags to an envelope - not what I expected.
They are like really chewy and weird feeling especially the Alfredo noodles ugh!! 
Like most others said, pretty stale. They are not crunchy, but not gummy-bear-like. Meh.
did not realize the difference between german and other chamomile. Tea has a strong bitter taste.
Wanted to be a believer, but have to use almost 2xs the amount to get the flavor to come through.
Pricey... different taste.
Cuts not uniform and contains lots of bones.
My toddler loves the taste.
The coffee had an expired Sale By date. The date preceded the date of my order.
I was trying to locate a specific green tea that i cannot find, was hoping this was it. oh well
Smaller than what I was thinking but its the correct weight.
Did not like the taste drank 2 and gave the rest away.
Still unsure how to mix it watched some videos  so hopefully I will start using it
The cab came dented in 2 spots
Bad shipping problems. Does not have a good bacon flavor.
COULD HAVE BEEN FRESHER
I love this chocolate but the size is very small. They are not full bars.
I do not really care for this mix of flavors and will not be ordering it again
Did not care for the taste, and I like lemon tea
Plastic top was broken, but seal was intact so I kept it.
This is bread that has some garlic baked in it not garlic bread
Wish they where crispier.
Looked smaller than medium but it is jucy.
Box was ripped when received. Not trusting.
It is not quality coffee as expected being Italian coffee.
The fragrance was not very obvious and the flavor was also lacking !
Nothing bad  still a good bar
Came in without a seal.
Not good for hot tea or cold lattes. This grade is better for baking
Too salty for me.
Did not buy but want to
I do not like the flavor of the apple chunks in it.
Tastes like Hi-C. A little sweet for this adult palette.
It is not compatible with Nespresso Machines
Great flavors (minus green tea yuck), but the flavor does not last long at all!
"Not as ""maple-y"" as I was hoping."
Other than the outrageous price. Very happy
Near exact product (marketed under a different name) at Costco for less than half the price.
not bad but not worth your extra money
Tasty but too salty for me
Rice 69.8% and Barley 30%
Not what I expected
Tastes good but way way too  expensive
I received only the white ones in my box. I was expecting 12 of each white and dark.
It was a bit chalkly.
It is just a staple item
It does not really taste any different from regular spaghetti - all stinky kitchen no ocean flavor.
Chocolate snacks
The cinnamon DEFINITELY overpowers the brown sugar
The bag is closed with a twist tie and came open during shipping.
Do not know why I expected anything different. Just was not my thing
the chewy candies were not chewy, hard as a rock. all others were fine
Just tastes like salt, does not even resemble theatre popcorn.
I like the product. It seemed that it is freshness was not what I expected
Recvd my order and waiting to try it out.
Not bad but very little flavor. Only one I could taste was mint.
It was supposed to be medium dark as advertised not plain medium
It was small and not worth the long wait for delivery. Did not taste like the real thing.
I wanted a liquid, not a powder
i was super excited for the chocolate cherry, and it was the worst one, tasted like cough syrup.
Mostly small.  Very hard to crack.  Only a couple dark inside.  Good taste .
Kosher label on outer wrap but not on individual Packs of pea candy
gave it a try, but did not care for the candy, Godiva is over rated
Care is quite hard, really need a green thumb
Jar arrived leaking with the oil
Flavor tastes fake. Dissatisfied with Perrier  - I will only get the original one.
It is just alright. Nothing to write home about.
This powder does not dissolve the same way other Oatmac creamers do
Came in one giant lump which defeats the purpose of buying CHIP'S
The item came on time and is what I expected.
This is not extreme whatsoever. The flavor reminds me of Andy caps frys .. but less spicy.
It is hot, but not *that* hot. Also found in local supermarket for half the price.
The candy tasted normal but looked old. It had moldy stuff on it and was super stiff.
The taste was not as expected.
I felt no effects, positive or negative I do know that it has helped others though
I ordered two bottles.  Both expire in October. Seems like shorter shelf life.
I could have gotten the candy cheaper at Walmart
My favorite coffee but too expensive...
Some of them were falling off the stick before I even took them out of the package.
even for imported and organic, this is pricey
The taste is not as I expected.
It was packaged very well, I just did not enjoy the flavor much and it was a very thin sauce.
Tastes way too much like dill and not much else.
Some of the flavors are not for me...
Came without a box just loose packets
They were dry when we opened them
Cans were dented which I did not mind but I think some stores are cheaper
I like that it said Taco bell on it. I did not like that it did not taste like Taco bell.
Price. Cheaper than grocery store.
Keto mashed potatoes are yummy. I dressed mine up a bit...
Too little product for too much money!
Lots of chocolate
I tried ten times with this product, it never worked. I put it in the garbage
The potency of this sesamee oil is not very high.  I was disapointed.
Was good very expensive
I was told they tasted gross. But they were received well, in one piece.
Cheaper at Walmart same sizes & flavors for$2
Expensive . Not crazy about them 
The item was open and sticky
First delivery never came,i placed another other and both are smash.
Will use the red.  Green is tomatillos.  Family did not want.
They brought a lot of different flavors but the food coloring ruins it.
The flavors do not taste the same as the ones we used to buy years ago.
Very good, but expensive.  Found them for less at Aldis
I received these 1/9/21 and they expire 2/1/21.  Cancelling my auto ship.
The gummy bears are not as soft and chewy as other gummy bears.
It definitely does not taste like the boba from a boba shop but it gets the job done.
Not enough crunch for me
Box came wet. 6 of the cans were broken. Ordered 10 cases. all others were fine.
tasted pretty good but over half of them were broken, some into small peices
When I open the package the box and plastic was broke
Not the best decaf instant coffee I have tasted, but definitely not the worst either.
Different from the US Ovaltine but I will drink it
I do not think that four wings weight 1.5 pounds this is a rip off!
good, but a bit expensive.
Not likely to buy it again.
Bag had slit and was not entirely sealed
not great product. it is taking time  to get ready
my first Item that I really do not care for. compared to Folgers....  its not good.
Longevity is short. Lasts about 30 seconds
WILL NOT BUY AGAIN
I love brown sugar cubes for my coffee but the cost is absolutely ridiculous and shameful
Not very tasty, but they did fill you up.
Some bags were busted open, and majority of the box was cheezits.
Bags are smaller than normal size
My husband was not fond of the molasis taste.
the bag did not come in a resealable bag as shown and written.
Package is much smaller then other ones I had bought
Strange smell and had to use quite a bit in a cherry jello to make a difference.
I agree with other reviews.  Bland.  Did not taste much lemon.
Almonds are fresh but not very spicy...
Cute, but not great flavor. A lot of work!
Like product. Price keeps going up when 29 on another site
Tasted a bit stale Walmart has better ones
Bulbs only came with small corms, will they live?
One bottle was expired
Did not care for the flavor. I thought it had a bit of a mediciney-type taste. jlp
It is not as coarse grind as I would like.
not sealed well and lid was loose. was all over other purchases in same box.
Taste was not legit
My hopes of a tasty low carb breakfast snack were dashed by this product.
Have not made it yet.I add it to Greek Easter bread
They are very hard bite easy or you might break a tooth.
I love them. But they r expensive compared to the regular (sugar) gummies
Not much filling and very dry
Ordered 2 bottles, one survived the trip, the was cracked and leaking. Sigh.
Almonds were not crunchy
Wish I would have bought the buffalo wild wings brand.
Empty packets basically. I guess that is literally a bite size
It does not compare to competitive brand in flavor
Did not like, kale was tougher than any I have ever had
Still eating them
Did not realize that this was the bite size offering
Some flavors did not work with my Keurig machine. They said they were not Keurig cups.
These are different. That is the only way I know how to describe them. They are not very spicy.
Taste like cumin, not enough heat.
Headline says it all.
Seems small for the price. The Poi was better than expected, will probably buy again.
Was sketched that I got an open box item sold as new.  Would not recommend
Just as you expected it, packing for shipping could be improved
They just taste like BBQ no maple or bacon.
Nutritious, but so so tasting
Obvious fake reviews. For sure I will stay away.
I pay $2.99 for a pack of these at my local store this price must be a misprint.
A little too sweet with a bird seed type texture.
Could not really taste much difference than regular cream.
Yummy but only 15 oz.  Just do not lie about quantity.
This is called price gouging but had no other option.  At least it was fresh.
Will write a follow up after use the product.
Like the lemon lime flavor and you cannot find the can of powder locally
This product tasted like the wrapper
The color is not white but ivory .
The pickles inside are soft/mushy and the outer texture is rubbery!? They have no crunch at all.
Used once, not what I wanted.
The food still stuck to the pan
Not enough in bag, taste hae to add honey. Need to take longer to find out it is benefits.
After eating some homemade halvah this product did not come close.
One bag had sticky stuff all on the candy
See above statement!!
What can be said? They are beans
Got this for my son who loves chamomile tea. He does not like the taste of this one though.
Nothing can taste just like Coke...
Not buttery tasting enough
Only one came. When it says it is a 2 pack. Definitely not worth the money.
All the bags were no longer chips but crumbs by the time I got them!!!
Will not be getting these again. Bland and a somewhat soft bite even though they look fresh.
i was expecting a little bigger
Expensive chocolate marshmallows.  Chocolate was just OK in my opinion.
Too dry!  I mix them with low sugar cranberries to soften them up.
Tastes alright, very sweet, but gave me mad acid reflux
I like the product, but the package broke during transit. And there is no returns or refunds.
Low carb but unfortunately not very tasty for the price
Not much flavor at all in any of these, I would have returned but it was not an option.
Was not very impressed. Taste was mildly sourdough. Would not tell someone to get this.
Way to expensive for what you get. But the drinks were really good.
I thought it would taste like the eel sause from sushi restaurant
Flavor was decent, but heavy with the onion.
You will not need to put any extra sugar on this!
Only a few of my bulbs sported, but hopefully get flowers soon.
This is what it said it was, just not the flavor I was hoping for.
Tried it but prefer the bolder coffees.
I need to get use to these.  I tried them because of the DR OZ show.
It is not good. Nothing like real Pho.
Not quite the Virginia peanut in size as compared to competitors
Everything tasted like molasses was the filler and flavor ingredient. Kids did not want them
It is not very flavorable. Next time, I will buy whole white peppercorns and grind them fresh.
Tastes like miracle whip not mayonnaise
Product is fine but came with one box broken. Second time this happened.
He says it taste like jalapeno peppers but, no heat,diappointed in flavor and taste.
Warning:  Must have teeth!
Over priced and not as fresh as expected.
The package and lentils were smaller than what I was expecting.
have not been into the rest yet.  I hope those are not an indication as to what is still to come.
These are small but fresh & tastey!
I like this for camping
good coffee. To bad it does not come with an airtight container.
Mediocre coffee.  Nothing special.  will not purchase again.
gave this as a gift.
Dry barely any amarene inside
One came busted and had to get thrown out.
Almonds 56%, Cashews 41%, Hazel nuts 1%, Pecans 1%, Pistachios 1%.
I misread the label -- wanted decaf with chicory!  Different taste!
Smells but lacks the taste.
No sugar chips but also no flavor
The SEA SALT was good. The other 2 flavors not so much, at least to my palate
Chips where fresh just not really the flavor for me.
Beans were mushy
2.5 Lbs? We only received a package of six 3oz packets.
So many feathers left on this bird. Not impressed.
Very mild but too weak for me
I do not like the taste, that is all
not much of a flavor not enough tea  in the bag
It tasted a little watery. Not too much chocolate flavor.
It is just OK, pretty expensive for a little bottle. Need to get used to the whole no salt diet
Here in Colorado Springs
All the coffees are very light in taste... a little watered down.  Not strong at all.
Substitute for coffee but I did not like it.
Could use more coffee flavor. Tastes like weak coffee.
I needed it for travel
Not as flavorful as I was expecting. But I have used it without issue
I did not like the fact that it was not made in the YOU.S.
Fudge had melted when received, but after putting in refrig it did harden but was deformed.
Not what I expected. Everything was crammed and squished.
it is just what I was looking for
All the pop tarts are crumbly from delerivery. Will not be buying again.
was not a fan of the taste of this coffee compared to other brands of the same flavor
loses it is flavor too quick for me.
Smaller qty than expected.
I like them but waaay too sweet for me. I have to add a little black fresh coffee to it.
This soup is okay, but I prefer Progresso's Chicken and Dumpling soup.
Will use hog casings next time
there is not an expiration date on literally any of them
I would eat this again
Too costly will not buy again
Like Kenyan coffee but did not like this.
Tastes great but unfortunately I cannot tolerate stevia for too long
taste like it has rice and pasta in it
It had less scent and seemed more dried out than previous orders
I would request,if in future, non dented containers could be mailed to me. Thanks.
Just ok taste. High calories too! The whole family was not impressed.
A bit too salty but also addictive
Title says it all.
Price Could Be Lower
Depends on how much you NEED them.  Average price is about 4-6 dollars.
THE COFFE GROUNDS IN MY CUP.
Not my fave, but tastes are all different.
I was itching. Do not know why
were not fresh and did not last
Jet Set Sam treated me well.
I do not like how watery it is. I prefer my salsa to be thicker
This was supposed to come as a 4 pack, but we only received 2 out of the 4.
A couple of containers had been damaged and leaked everywhere
Pretty good. Not as thick as I have had in the past. Another brand.
The bags were less than 1/2 full
Close to expiration date, purchased nov 20, Nearly expired
Not the usual great taste or look. They seemed old and a bit stale!
Just what I wanted!
Not bad at all, but average rating at 3 stars because of the price.
Probable taste how you would expect.
I tried it but the plastic flavor from the bottle is just gross.
Funky flavor with the mushroom.
Not very flavorful and kind of weak.
A little hard but taste good.
It was a darker color this time.
I do not like the fact that the glitters are falling off.
Over Rated but goof
Why is it this color? It does not taste old but it looks old.
not enough bacon taste
Texture of candy too soft. High vitamin C, but not worth the cost. Should be less sweet.
They came on time but they had many broken Necco's
The Coating is just too salty and the flavor seems a little strong and bitter.
Nothing big just coffee
Its freaken dehydrated soup what do you want me to say
I will do my own next time, not impressed
Item had leaked in shipoing
This has to be cold after cooling for 5-days it did nothing to make meat taste better.
Good flavor but for some reason it made our teeth hurt. How random!
Well it taste a bit bitter and sweet at the same time.
This is advertised as 2 32oz jars but you will get 1 64 Oz jar. No sharing! Eat up!
Not sure when dill pickles became super salty but for the money not dill pickles
I much prefer the spicy regular product over the taste of this one.
not impressed...not re-ordering...there is nothing outstanding...just run of the mill coffee
Yummy but really really really really spicy. Only get if you can handle it
Not terrible, but not great either. Would not buy again
I like these to take to hotels.
That there were only to soft centers. All nuts and carmel.
This gut sour quick after opening
Not the filled hard candy I remember from when I was a kid...I guess they do not make anymore.
These are just really bland. Definitely not what I was hoping for and no sweetness at all.
I did not care for the texture and it did not have quite enough French toast flavor.
This is not Bob's red mill grits
I did not find it much stronger than the regular, but I found another brand and moved on...
The watermelon was very tasty, it had small white seeds throughout & they were chewy.
Hard and brittle. All waffles inside are individually wrapped in more plastic (seems excessive)
Not as hazelnutty as I wanted. Had to blend w/ other black teas. Preferred their Chestnut blk more.
I feel like the caffeine is non existent in here
The box was battered!
The candy bars were good, just to expensive
Yuck! Do not know what I did but I wanted Cranberry juice!!!
It was a little too sweet and way too carbonated for my tastes.
It is alright. Last time I had these snacks was when I was a child and they def changed the taste.
not that tasty.  Prefer Marie Callanders  to these
"Hard to open.  Have to use scissors.  Not elegant for a ""high tea""."
Rice?  In enchiladas?  Just - no
The bagel I receive has black stuff all over. Please send a replacement AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
this can be used to enhance or as it is.
all taste a bit burned overcooked
I really like the peppermint ones, but the wintergreen are only so so.
Short expiration date. I do not believe can utilize 10 pounds of flour within that time frame.
"said was ok  but could have been less ""wet"""
Flavor is good but after a couple of minutes gets a little thick and weird to drink
it was ok--had chemical taste
Not very butterscotch flavor
They taste ok but the chocolate is not dark and is a thin layer.
Key lime and lemon flavors are great. The molasses and ginger cookies are so awful.
One bottle was cracked. Can I get a replacement for the one cracked bottle received ???
Says 70 packs  Not 70 !!  Only 65!!
They do not really look presentable if you send to someone
The powder I received is not fully sealed
Have not eaten.  Awaiting throat recovery.
Just as advertised
Jar leaked oil all over inside of package
Great taste, too bad they discontinued the sugar-free product
much smaller than they used to be. Flavor is just so-so
Darkened with age. Also, lid was loose on one jar leaking sticky contents.
It is fine in baked goods, but is too think for soups and stews...mixes poorly with water.
The d in educated is ripped. I will need to glue it.
Ehhhh, seemed a little stale. It is ok though.
I don;t like the lime flavour but my husband loves it.
I have note book paper thicker than these cuts of bacon. Talk about saving the company profits.
As an occasional change of pace from my usual earl or lady grey.
The flavor was impotent. No flavor to speak of
Delivered quickly. The flavor is a bit weak for my taste.
Tried it for the first time got by mistake but was no to bad  It will take some time to really know
See for yourself... It does have two grams of carbohydrates.
Bought it with high expectations, it increasesd supply but not much to be honest.
Were not the freshest, hence the 3 stars
The tase is to be desired tastes like sugar not hazelnut
Most crackers were broken upon arrival.
It is nit the greatest tasting coffee, but I would not call it bad, just average.
Everything came crunched up and a couple were broke open
These have wheat flour in them. I did not taste them yet.. keto is almond flour.
The pepper I received last week was easily the smallest green pepper I have ever seen.
a little too much turmeric for me. It overpowers the spice.
It is good and low acid, but too expensive.
Not what I expected
I like this plant but it is dying one leaf at a time.
Unfortunately most of my  cans were dented and hard to open and drink from
Purchased 25 only 19.5 in package
The fact that they were melted...and I had to throw them away
Not enough plan and simple for the price.
Clumpy consistency.
Did not give me the energy like the actual cans.
MAKE THEM A LITTLE BIT BIGGER !
Tastes not what i6 expected.
I love Lakanto products but this was not one of my favorites. I was a little dry and waxy tasting.
Taste takes time to get used to.
I had to pick out a lot of beans that looked funky.
Did not taste the same as if you bought it in a store. Will try again.
Need more cheesy flavor!
The candy should have been in smaller pieces.
Had a strong oil smell. Not a good quality one. Size is also too small. Not worth the money.
This coffee is highly overpriced. The beans are very dry and taste like average supermarket coffee.
I love the taste of this pancake mix however it is a little expensive for the amount you get
Plastic bottles and short shelf life. 7 months.  I would not purchase again from this site.
Size too big - hard to press - nozzle not working properly (2 pack would be better).
Are you kidding me? Look at ounces, not was I expected - at all.
It is good but expensive and takes a while to get delivered.
I received a bag that expired in August 2020. It is now November 2020.
Normally, this is one of my favorite types of candy, but in this case, both bags were stale.
stick with the unrefined.
Higher calorie content than other similar products
Found 2 human hairs in it
If you like weak coffee this is for you.  If you like a medium to bold roast this is not for you.
They have a powdery type texture can definitely taste marsh do not taste close to other candy .
Not much peppermint flavor
The crackers were a little dry and do not think quite fresh.
I received my product in a bag and it had been opened and damaged.
My nephews prefer the birthday cake bites
Quietly removed 1/3 of the caffeine from the product.
Smaller container than I thought
Flavor lasted only minutes and gum balls were slightly hard at first
Tastes like sugar, but You need double the amount that you would if using regular sugar.
Stale all the way through. I have bought before those were good
Can find cheaper in stores. Ordered for convenience but way over priced.
Tiny toddler size not your typical juice box size
Product was not as advertised
Our bag was out of its freshness date.
Cannot really taste the chocolate. Prefer the regular PB2 .
The broth is fine, but I generally lose at least one item per case because of cardboard leaks.
I recieved this a month late but this still tastes great!I was pleasantly surprised.
When arrived to home a couple of eggs had been damaged/cracked
They r to thin sticks to the pan and to be honest with sauce and cheese it is gross
I did not care for the flavor. There are others I preferred.
thought this would be better...pretty generic chiles.
Not spicy enough for a classical mango chutney
Product price was reasonable but very dry and she will shatters, unlike other brands.
One of the canisters was busted open and leaking oats inside the box, it is not worth returning.
Good moist little honey flavored bite.  Not madly delicious but not bad.
My package was stolen, so I do not know how it tastes.
"I love lemon Pistachioas.  These nuts have a ""faint"" lemon flavor with a hint of spice."
Arrived melted into one big glob.  The dog seemed to like it but did not poop for three days
These were alright not my taste
It is my fault I did not fully look at flavors. I bought for kids and they are not kids flavors
Great crackers but almost half of them delivered crashed. Poor packaging.
Only got two flavors instead of three as pictured!!
It was close to the expiration date.
They are good muffins but they arrived at my house smashed :(
The extras you buy to finish making it. I would not purchase it again
Almost all blueberry or cinnamon. I would rather have chocolates.
Sketchy. Why is the bag cut open???
Oily beans - might be a deal-breaker for some with their espresso machines requiring non-oily ones.
Not even the size of a baseball, but it is still an onion i guess.
I found  teh same in a store 1/2 the price
I do not like it, too sweet,no worth it, unfortunately i  opened it and cannot return it.
Smaller package than expected!
Taste is ok but definitely not good enough for me to buy again.
Not very happy with quality. Becomes very mushy with cooking, not like typical buckwheat (grechka).
To nuch brittle and not enough nuts.
Used as a food decoration for a party
It is not coffee---- it is sugar water and going to expire soon.
Exlelent product Nd prompt delivery'
This is great tonic, however my second order arrived and it is completely flat!  So disappointed.
This flan  is wonderful if pricey, but one of the foil lids was broken open:(
Did not come as advertised; it came in a jar when I bought because it was a squeeze bottle
Too chewy, not enough flavor
Seemed that the last two orders had been in stock for quite some time.
Box was opened upon delivery
Expensive for something that has just an ok taset
$15.00 for 8 cookies! Rip off!
Had to quit buying because it is too unhealthy.  But it is very convenient.
They were bland and I did not really like the texture but I ate all of them for sure.
We do not like the off brand items...
There was a bag that got stuck like glue so we had to throw the bag away.
I ordered medium in my opinion it is stronger.
Way too many grape, i am really tired of the tasting.
Mine had a few marks on the back of it but overall really cute
I like it, although I expected a stronger flavor.
Does not taste cream cheesy, but it is not bad.
made in Texas. I wonder about GMO corn!
Great taste but most of the pieces were broken and crumbled.  Half of each bag was broken.
They are giant. For us, too big to make smores
We love this coffee, however several pods in the last box we purchased are defective. Poor quality!
Bottom needle does not always penetrate the k-cup.
This is the one and only canned soup that I like.  It is scrumptious.
My child did not care for this
the ones in the stores are 1 yr out and these are only 6 months out.
I do not get a rabbit. I got a bag of peanut butter.
They were pretty but tasted full of artificial things.
Did not really like them
Has a different order than what I have had before
just a product, works as advertised and arrived on time as promised.
I paid for four and I only received  three.
Too salty for my taste
Not ground as finely as necessary for an espresso machine.
Was expecting a bigger box.
Not enough hickory flavor
This was part of a birthday gift - I only received one box, never received the second box.
Exp. Date is too short. I live alone I cannot it by April, so I have to throw it away
This was a gift for my brother-in-law and is wrapped, under the tree.
Item arrived safely although shipment was slow.
Not coarse enough for a French press.
TOO EXPENSIVE.  PRODUCT IS GOOD.
not bad, not great!
I like the taste, but it is as many calories as a soda. Pretty crazy for sugar water.
good but expensive
Often times the flowers are old, leaves are brown, and they are limp.
These are harder than they should be
First time ordering and will be my last time. Very water down and tasteless.
Okay just too expensive
Love this candy however it was all broken to pieces when delivered.
Did not quite have the taste I was looking for
They were not the sizes as advertised and they taste aweful
no safety seal at all, not wrapped and no foil seal under cap?
I used this salt in a bath mix and it stained the bathtub.
Did not tasted like caviar at all.
Given as a gift it please the recipient
There was no expiration date anywhere, not sure how fresh it is.
not a fan of vanilla.
Came broken but they seemed fresh.
I could not seperate slices to make s sandwich with.
Much too sweet and expensive
Did not work for me unfortunately. Flavor was okay.
Product was leaked inside package. Item not returnable
My gripe is the saltiness. They have been very salty and not salty enough.
Its a cake topper, it did it is job.
Diabetic condition
Had to be sent back because it was damaged
Did not come in a Valentines Day bag as advertised
Actually sorely disasppointed
Not as chocolatey as I remember from my childhood
Several miss shaped suckers, and Several bent or broken sticks. Still love the taste.
I tried it for a couple of weeks but felt no difference
YOU have to use half the bag to get a strong coffee and it is expensive
do not lke the taste eil not buy again
Too many weird flavors.
Over priced, but could not find it in grocery stores.
This was my second box, but this time it had far fewer flavors and a lot of one particular flavor.
not what I expected no flavor just did not care for the product
I did not like the size of the potatoes. I thought they would be much larger.
Over priced but that is Amazon sometimes! I would pass on this one!
Massive price gouging.  Not clearly labeled as only one bottle
It was in a tiny pack for $5.99 i am defnitely not ordering it again
Not worth cost and was left melted in the mail box.
Tastes like a floral bouquet
Labled as purple, however, multi-colored.
Product tasted old, not fresh!
Received the kit. Was not the trees as pictured, but I do like the red Starburst design anyway.
Smaller than I thought.
Another one should get discount on it.
Too salty and oily
Not enough honey flavor
The flavor threw me off and too expensive for it to taste horrible, wolf brand chili is better lol
Cute - but some of them were broken when they arrived.
Product came melted and mushed together
If you like your Deviled Eggs to taste like A LOT ALOT of vinegar than these are for YOU.
Be careful not to order too much - not a good expiration date.
It is tasty but not a personal favorite. It is expensive too.
Be advised that this product is not returnable.
Not a fan of the mint flavor.
Crackers arruved crumbled.
Too sweet, too expensive.
This stuff tastes great but it gives you the worst gas and makes your farts smell like death!
I usually love these jelly beans however these were stale.
Some were broken , I used for treat bags. They could have been pack better
The flavor was not as expected
Prefer package of 6-8 smaller cucumbers.
I bought for the price. Would not do it again.
Cannot find at store anywhere!):
Product was expired. but still tastes the same.
I believe that better to buy freshly roast chicken
Disappointed in the buckwheat. Taste is much like the original pancake mix
Amazingly...It Begins to:  Disintegrate when you begin to bite into it !!!
Not as flavorful as I thought it would be
The price for these tickets are way overpriced this is definitely a rip off
They were received melted!
Not really ham at all. It is spam. Very misleading
Was looking for tropical fruitier these all have same flavor.
Not what I expected
I bought it to use as an iron supplement and I cannot find any mention of iron anywhere.
Too soft not dried/cooked enough.
I love these Reeses cups but unfortunately because of the heat they come melted.
the is at least 1/4 of the bag filled with marshmallow dust
I did not know these had chocolate inside. I expected just hazelnut inside. I was surprised
Overpriced. There is only a few little individual squares of chocolate in the box.
Bag was ripped and half the gum balls were in the box bare
The flavor choices seems strange; I guess I should have checked which ones come with the gold.
I only received one package not two as stated.
There are so many powders when I open the can. It tastes a little spicy.  I think its strange.
For a dark roast, it is very weak, but for the price it is a good cup of coffee
I would not get these again. Weird flavors and just ok.
Seems different from what I buy in the store, it seems like it is water down!
Not a big fan. It does not taste bad...it just is not something to rave about.
Ok, but disappointed not as good as my usual Numi tea.
"The meat was ok but the slices were ""ugly"". Not cut with care"
I did not like the taste at all I could not taste peanut butter.
smaller than expected
When the box arrived the bottom was busted open and 2 of the drinks were broke open.
I did not like the fruity flavor. I did like the frosted.
totally overrated and overpriced.
Fruit is good but packaging is bad. You will taste the plastic in every bite.
Compared to similar percentage chocolate, this product was far inferior to Ghiradelli brand
It did not come in the same color pot as pictured and is much smaller.
Its ok but too expensive to buy again
Nice flavor but too thick. Harder to spread because its too dense.
just needs larger paper between the thin slices. quality is always good to me
Nice snacks but I only received 18 when it said 23:(
Some are very good and some are very bad. Live and learn.
Not what I was expecting.
not flavorful and the texture is runny.
The Magic Spoon cereals are expensive but worth the cost.
I used it to give coffee a different taste,
They arrived hard and near the expiration date.
They were somewhat gooey on the outside of the candy
The vinegar seems to be much weaker than when I buy it in the small bottles.
Work okay but taste is poor and lots of other options. Needs improvement
not well preserved
did not care for the texture for this brand
I want to say this helps me sleep, but I also need to mention that I felt hung over afterward
Had to either add less water or mix in another packet to get a beverage worthy of ice.
Does this taste like the old watermelon hubba bubba jug????
what else is there to say?
Love it but only downfall was that some bags were partially open & were stale.
It had too many twizlers and tiny hard candy.
Most of the cookies arrived broken.
The garlic taste is not there
Said 40 count only had 38 in it.
Did not realize I had to assemble this.. 2 stars with double sided dots.
Not crunchy enough seemed a little old
Some seem stale but still good price
Not the taste I expected but drinkable when I mix it with my regular coffee.
Great price but stale and rock hard
"Expensive and you do not get many ""doses"". Taste is marginal."
Good flavor but a little expensive for such a small amount.
Not bad but odd. I definitely could not sit and eat a bag for a snack.
Tasted like an over roasted batch .
For people who may like a robust cup of coffee. Slightly bitter though
Many of these were stale and discolored and crumbly, tasted strange too.
Texture gritty. Not creamy Do not like
The paper top does not puncture properly so end up with weak coffee and wasted money
They were over baked
Not like a traditional mom meatloaf.
Thought these would be golden due to box. They are just regular old raisins
Perfect for Bloody Marys
I was excepting a subtle spice paired with sweet. Nope tasted like chili powder spice level
It is not a powder like flour
I thought product itself were larger and it to me took away from the taste.
Kind of bitter even when cold brewed. I will finish this bag, but I will not order it again.
Could not believe the price.  Never would order agsin
otherwise, I would not want to eat this.
I did not care for the vanilla flavor.
Used on buttercream and color came out orange looking
Decent average soft baked cookies. No complaints.
Smaller than expected but arrived quickly
every single can was dented and I am surprised none leaked
Tastes great.  Just very expensive to purchase online.
Variety pack cake as advertised but only had the reject flavors, all taste relatively the same.
was for a game and they did ok
Chia seeds are used in smoothee.
I thought it was only apple tea, but it has hibiscus in it.
Arrived moldy 1 out of 3 times.
My egg nogg was not in the bag 
Love the flour but the bag does not zip lock closed!  Made a mess in our cabinets.
Very heavy.  Not inedible, but not one of my favorite low cab treats.
Personally would not purchase again.  Gave to my sis n law
Tastes like spicy chocolate to me. Maybe you will like if you like Mexican mole sauce but I do not.
I was thinking to order Tazo
Halloween no different than other flog liquid. Too high in cost, not worth.
Personal taste - they are gross.  But others may like them.
My fault went on vacation.  Sniffle sniffle.  She died.
It is always fun trying new things! Most of the snacks I got were not that bad. It was alright
You never know until you try it!
They tried to fit it into too small a box and smashed the container.
Came covered in mey bugs
not a fan of the flavor
It is a little bit too sweet
If you like French roast, you likely will not like this.
It was okay.  Too many different brands of plain black tea. Not really what I buy a sampler for.
They are not Jumbo peanuts
I did not review this when I received the flour. But if did come with bugs . I thru it out.
Damaged so had to throw away several cans
Some were good, some were bad. Just wish these were not so expensive...I would get them again.
for my long-term food storage
I do not eat tuna, but even the cats are starting to complain about the  quality of the tuna.
Smaller than I thought it would be.
There were 3 cans smashed and leaked all over the box.
and the individual aluminum packing is hard to open.
Became ill after using as a hot tea. Could be sensitive to it. Taste was okay with honey.
Only received one bag. Missing the favereds.
This does not dissolve well at all. I was expecting to be a sweeter flavor but is extremely bitter.
Not what I was expecting for pickling... tiny black seeds, but I am using them.
Received and package was opened.
Two whole hard almonds were mistakenly in one of the bars.
I ordered Hazelnut decaf, but received French Vanilla.
"Do not like the extra cream and they won""t let me return it!!!"
Did not like the hole in the side as in picture.
I drink tonic water, but these were especially tiny cans and very bitter
To grind up. That has I expect it to be.
Very hard product.  It worked okay, but it was not easy.
I did not receive 135, I got 109 and one of mine did not even have a lollipop in it.
a little bit too sweet
I did not care the bread.
Please post nutrition info! The sodium is not visible and we need that to know if we can order it.
It is OK in flavor but seems too expensive.
Waiting to evaluate .
This was a very expensive chocolate, and while the chocolate is good, I cannot taste the mint.
The product arrived promptly.  It is OK but tastes a little artificial.
Flavors are good, but the strength of the coffe is weak, watered down tasting.
not for my machine / Nespresso 1st generation cannot use
Not to bad but kind of pricey for 4 pancakes...
It uses shrimp paste so I could not eat it.  I have no idea how it tasted.
Not very spicy. Cinnamon candy should have a kick not a crawl.
Stale as a mug and cracked/damaged into crumbs. Nice trip down memory lane, regardless.
It was already healing when this arrived.  So I do not really know. Thanks.
A bit overpriced. To me it is similar to G7 coffee.
I recommend the classic crust - I like it better than this thin crust stuff.
I had no problem with the quality. I just did not like the taste
Do not taste any rea different.
and that says it all.
Yikes. Are they almonds? Or are they walnuts?
Mine are gray, not silver.
Not really much caramel taste
THese sprinkles are dark blue, they are not actually black.  Just very very dark blue.
The flavor had no intensity.  The liquid was too viscous and syrupy.  I would not buy again.
Not fresh and crisp. Bland in taste. Will Not order again
Suppose to be fresh baked but is stale
I have not tried
I wanted to like these because I LOVE Cascadian Farm cereal, but they seriously lack flavor.
The product was not fresh I really love black licorice however this was stalr
Not what I expected
This tastes fine but you need as much as regular sugar so it is expensive to use.
I ordered 2 bags, fast delivery! However one bag looks like chips and the other looks like flakes.
ordered it by mistake
Loved the taste but revived it all broken in pieces!
Majority of the sticks were smashed. Other pieces were fine, just the sticks. Not worth the money.
Ill try a sweet one
Flavor and size does not support the cost-- save your money!!!!!!!!!!!!
I enjoyed this treat.  Tasted a bit like ice milk.  Not as heavy as regular product
Cool trip down memory lane but overpriced.
Many of the leaves arrived broken. Assure you plan for this when using them.
Given to someone else.  It must be ok because I have not heard anything negative.
I did not like the consistency of this BELGIAN CANDY SUGAR
I expected the coffee to have a much better flavor. It was weak tasting.
Taste was just ok.could barely taste anything.would not buy again
Kids did not care for this flavor
Not a single member of my family would drink it
Although I love these, They were ready outdated.
Rhubarb was not as flavorful as the strawberry vanilla...which I WILL repurchase again and again.
Was not the size anticipated for the money spent.  Overpriced for what was received
This product arrived damaged and melted.  I would like a refund
I ordered decaf and nowhere on the bag does it say decaf so I assume it is not
The edible bows was not what I expected and could not use them
Will be asking for a replacement
Does not taste like sourdough at all.
As I wrote before, one can was dented.
Something else I used to eat that is saltier than I remember its not amazons fault though.lol
These could use more salt. They taste a little bland.
Fast shipping. Nice nuts. A bit disappointed as there was only 1 Brazil nut in the entire bag.
Okay but not great. Will not buy again
Blah flavor. Not as tasty as Anthonys standard organic popcorn. I will stick with that from now on.
Bought as a gift. Do not know how it taste.
Does not have enough coconut taste.
It is a bread, not a baguette
They do not taste like the TNT Taffy I ordered
I have only seen on on a rock and another on the submersible pump the rest is nowhere to be seen
there were only 5 packages in the box. I feel cheated.
It has gud taste 
If it did not say honey roasted I would not even recognize the flavor.
I Do Not Know after awhile they start to taste Artificial but there ok
Was not a big hit.  Could have tasted fresher.
Was not as moist and fresh as in the past.
Do not expect a full bag. Some only had 4-5 pieces. Not really worth the money.
These seemed smaller and dryer yhan the ones I get directly from Vanilla Bean Kings co-op.
75% or so are plain old Tootsie Rolls. Maybe five Tootsie pops total.
The balloons do not hold the helium very long!
Good taste but expensive
They all tasted thw same.
I would not have bought it if I knew it was from the superpolluted China.
For a dried smoked meat it molded quickly
I doubt I will buy this again. Will try another brand that is supposedly thicker.
Product is okay. Not very sturdy or thick.
These taste great but 30 calories per candy seems crazy to me!
Just by the tuna in olive oil.
Does not work for me. It probably will not work for everyone.
It is a gift for Christmas.
Tooc cracks and not sweet enough
Melted together when arrived.
I am addicted to salted kernels, but these were had waaaaay too much salt.
Definitely can taste the garlic. But the spiciness is lacking
Did not like the flavor at all
They do not suck, but I would not order them again.
Worth the cost.  Was expected what I received.  Content customer.
Bought these for my Dad. Not enough peanuts.
Much smaller than shown in picture!
I like them to be soft and oily in the center and this one is too dry and too hard to my liking.
Did Not care for taste smell or pain relief
No where near as good as I have tasted in restaurants.  Actually, disappointing!
Like to vegetables, do not care for the seasoning.
It`s pretty dry, didn`t like the taste
Does not taste like the Bigelow Lady Grey.
I was glad I ordered extra. 20% of the shells were broken.
My favorite coffee hands down. Too expensive for quantity though.
It is okay. Tastes artificial
Fifteen Cookies $23.95, plus Tax.
I did not care for the flavor
I think it may be a product from sugar fed bees which reduces the quality
Need Spiderman and Thor
Do not like the sugar-free version. Not enough taste. Not rich chocolate taste.
They need yo be cooked in the oven well done.
Unique, fun gift BUT several items are stale and very hard, so I would not buy it again.
Not very sturdy but it worked.
It is fine.  Sometimes hard to open little doors without tearing a bit.
ordered 5 boxes received 4
I did not care the bread.
Except for the pour spout! It runs back down the bottle when you stop pouring!
The product only had 3 weeks left for expiration date. May not use all by then.
These came with about 3.5 weeks until expiration date, I cannot finish 6 quart in that time.
I liked the product, for those times I am too tired to cook.....
you get what you pay for it.
Had no flavor to speak of.
Be careful with the jar size. Was smaller than expected. Thought I was ordering the store jar size.
Just buy Torani. Trust me.
Not what I thought it was
ordered several times this is the first time the coffee bags were vacuum sealed...
A little to creamy and sweet
I really do not care for the taste..
These peanuts are too salty to taste like Honey at all!
This variety pack does not have all flavors pictured.
I say but because when cooked it dosnt seem to impart any flavor.
Good tasting honey, to bad it arrived shattered.
This items came with a dent
They got very hard somewhat quickly
A bit bland and not enough banana flavor, but decent for a meal when in doubt.
Tastes ok, a littl bit like artificial sugar. I probably will not buy again.
Aftertaste like cough drops.
The flavor was good but they were melted when we got them :(
To expensive. Does not make much. Kind of a mess but I guess worth it.
The flavor is okay but the color is bizarre and terrifying.
Not good for cakes. It is gritty and grainy. The flavor is OK.
Order was supposed to be 3 packets only 1 came. All resolved
Does not feel as if anything happened 
Stale but not bad for the price
This product is quite tasty for what it is but it is not for me.
I thought I ordered low salt.
Watery coffee, will not buy again.
Get a Kcup machine
The package only came with 2 bottles when I ordered a 3 pack.
It tasted kind of stale nuts were a bit hard I do not think they were real m&ms in it. Threw it away
I am giving this 3 stars because I ordered 24 and only got 12.
All of the pieces are not cherry Will not order again
Hard to get into manageable sections need a sharp knife and a big platter. Good taste, though.
I had to strain it through a fine sieve, so I ended up with less than half the amount.
It is not for my taste.
They taste terrific but are overpriced, particularly with the shipping charges.
It works but the price went up, from 10.89 to 17.99 .. but its at walmart for $10.99
the bag had a hole in it so it was spilled in the box
Have not tried it yet, jar leaked.
It does not add any flavor
Almost tastes old.  Probably will find their way to the bird feeder.
The taste did not do anything for me
Do not like a lot of coffee flavors
I think you can find cheaper one.
Two of the drinks were open, a mess to clean up
I expected a jar the size of what is found in store.
Not enough Cheetos. A couple of packages We are getting ready to expire.
Not as flavorful as I expected
they are a lot smaller than I thought they were going to be.
not as tasty as I would anticipated
Works as advertised but taste is a bit to get use to
Pieces were broken and tasted kind of old
Use as bingo game so not sure about flavor but very presentable, nice gift.
I have a vanilla bean and it is twice the size of these.
They need to package there product better. Ordered 9 bottles and 1 was broken when delivered..
Pro: good flavor, chewy. Con: sticks to each other, hard to get out of the package.
I would probably go to the store for these next time.
It always takes two teaspoons to get flavor. I will not order again.
Taste was good but extremely small & not a good value for the cost
Something tasters different then the store bought ones?
Much smaller and less colorful that looks on the ad, also they are flat
I did not like them but my parents did
Product was as expected but they are much cheaper elsewhere.
Calories not as advertised!
Turkey is way too salty,bummer.
seems to have a different taste
Not what I expected in a BBQ sauce.
It is ranch dressing
Not a fan of food or candy showing up in a unsealed ziplock bag.
They are just starting to rise out of the ground
Taste okay, but very runny to the point it seemed fake or watered down. I will not buy this again.
I found this to be lacking flavor. Too salty for me and I like salt.
Arrived on January 9.  All 48 packages expire February 2.
The wife hates the taste of it, but it helps with settling her stomach.
Not a uniform coating. Some good some lousy.
I did not really care for this product! I did not like the selection of the different coffees!
My son likes these but they have made the bars smaller.
did not like enough to buy again
This lollipops are the zise of my hand
The Chamomile way over powers the Lavender!
Boxes were crushed, but candy was fresh
We found no real benefit to taking this product.
Has an aftertaste.
Not a bad product, but it is rather bland.
3 of the bags the chips were wierd tasting and look wierd
Variety should be a variety of flavors not justshapes.
The flavor is just okay. The worst part is trying to get it to dissolve, even in hot milk.
I like the flavor but the bags leaked oil.  I stopped my auto delivery because of that
Just Top Ramen with a very small Hint of soy sauce. Buy some soy sauce for these
All 12 bottles are dent
Taste good but disappointed that it is an almost expired product
Each of these is only half full.
My mistake.  Was searching for and thought I had ordered Heinz Organic.
Has a pretty bitter after taste. I probably will not order again.
bars were already melted
Seriously hardly any colored ones, 90% black pepper. Photo does not portray accurately.
smells amazing, too bad it is not al natural flavor, has a little aftertaste.
The figures only stand in deep frosting. The bases are all crooked.
I love this pickling brim. I am not happy with the damaged bags it comes in.
Short expiration dates on this product.
These do not slim you at all
Product without defects
Much smaller than shown in the picture
It does not pop, I poped about 6 bags and got about a 1/2 bag on each one
There were only five boxes of bread mix in the big box.  There should have been six.
one of the coffees was open
Flat pancakes with uninspiring flavor. I would not buy again.
No comment at this time
Not quality chocolate.  Will use but will not reorder.
The package was left damaged.
Smooth but weak in flavor.
Will not purchase again.  Experienced unpleasant after taste.  Sorry but it is true.
Half the boxes were open and candy was harder than its supposed to be
Arrived as expdcted
Great price but packaging is terrible. What am I supposed to do with 80 loose K - cups
Just tasted greasy
Two of the 3 bottles had cracked tops so I could not use them and had leaked in shipping
Appears ok.  Expiration date was 6 months out when local store Orzo is usually 2 year out.
Could barely taste any raspberry flavor.
I prefer the trade joes ones. This one is a bit salter than I would like.
These nuts could have been fresher.  They were edible, but there was some room for improvement!
I bought these as a gift and they arrived at the destination melted
Not what I was hoping for ..... nothing like lemon heads
Felt it was over priced for the amount of product.
I bought this for gum but I received mints. They are not bad...just wanted gum
My box of tea came smashed, ripped, and opened.
Just a smaller version.
It was just ok. Very thin and not as big as expected
Smaller then picture
Lots of seeds in filling.
6gs and 8oz hot water and it is still pretty weak. The black tea varient is much better.
Packets only! Not in cups! Pay attention when you order.
Sufficient for the task.
Overpriced for what you get but I needed and all local stores have been out.
Just okay. Was afraid pretzel chunks would break my teeth. Had to fish them out before eating.
The product was non-re-sellable. The Ziploc area was defected
Wish they were precut! I spent more time cutting out the pieces than anything.
Flavor and open can
I am not even mad lol that is what I get for not paying attention. It is for my dog anyway so big deal
Many broken creamers.
Had a bit of a after taste in your butter cookies
Not as tasty as the regular
Does not have the classic taste, it is different. You might like it, but I am on the fence.
Listing error. Only got one gallon instead of four. I think it is fixed now.
I can drink this coffee but do not prefer it.
Lacking in flavor NOT a dark roast at all..
Platanitos 70% were in pieces.
These have a light sweet taste but they are very expensive and not really worth it.
This does not smell like any organic coconut oil I have ever had.
It is very hard to chew on. It is pretty as decoration.
Fishy taste and smell. I had to air out my house after making this.
Would not buy this brand again.
An item got broke in the mail
I love this flavor of nips but way to expensive compared to the other flavors.
I ordered by mistake so no comment here.
It does not help to increase my milk supply.
not impressed but good
A little high priced and not for long term storage
box was only like half full
Nothing wrong with them. Just expensive for 5 beautiful biscotti.
Misleading picture. Got 1lb boxes instead. Same same but different
The item description and unit costs indicate there are 18 in a pack, but I only received a 9 pack.
Tasty but LAXATIVE!!
to view from in the box
some of the additives took away from the favor and heat, i used in bbq sauce
Not organic. Air chill non gmo but does not say it is organic
Personally did not care for the taste.
Product was leaking when I opened it.
A pound is 16 oz by the way...
Films over certain cups have caused damage to guests using my maker. Coffee is not very good.
The product was good, but, the box was broken and the bottles were all over the outside box.
flavors not clear enough, lacks taste
same nothing new just a Doritos chips come on.
Used this for a long time but seems like they have changed the consistencies in the ingredients
the box is ripped
The apple juice tasted like the can.
Order 16 ounce and received a 12 ounce bag.
This is ok, not great. I was hoping to sip it but it is very spicy. I will use it to cook with though.
Item was brought as part of a birthday gift. When arrived. Package was smashed.
My kids practically cracked teeth on them.
Soak for a hour, Simmered for an hour, Sauteed with butter and they were still chewy!
Do not care for the decaf.
container was open and half of the mix was spilled in the envelope
I could barely taste this.
I would havepreferred a little less honey and more citron.
The blue ones tasted off.
Tasty...but ingredients are suspicious!
good not great. Very thin, flows off cracker.
I do not like the flavor.
Major cramps. Not worth the pain.  Takes forever to work.
I was overpowered by the coconut flavor.
The flavor seems good but they tasted stale.
Did not taste at all like the holiday blend in the Starbucks store
All the cans were dented except for one. Box needed to be padded
Muchy.  scant sauce. Maybe if transfer into oven pan  to heat
Overpriced regular size back a candy.
You do not get enough chocolate flavored pops !!
FINALLY RECEIVED IT.
Sausage had a hint of vinegar but over all tasty.
Not enough mango flavor
Not salty enough for me.
"Arrived with a leak in the bottle.....""lost"" about 1/4 of the bottle"
The bag was supposed to have 4, but there was only 3 in the bag.
It has a bit of a chemical taste
I do not like the after taste value for the money
The product did not taste fresh and broken pieces.
Consistency is weird.  Bought for a healthy snack, but no one is eating them.
This should be scaled before the seasoning go on.
"I noticed there is no ""Best by"" date on the package. These nuts do not taste fresh."
Good coins well packaged. But half were broken or not in gold wrapping anymore.
Were not extra large, in fact very small.
I buy this product frequently, but about 10% of the time the figs are too dry.
I LOVE pecans. These tasted slightly stale.
It tastes like unsweetened Kool-Aid... Oh-No! Not Oh Yeah!
Was not very boysenberry
I just like the color
The dad's legs fell off after one day and Put came off of his stand too.
Rancid, will not buy again.
I use it as a natural body scrub with honey. Exfoliates well.
the bottom of the box was all wet. 2 of the cans were empty and had leaked out.
Flavor is not strong enough, expected more.
Many of the biscuits were broken.
It was convenient for me to get it delivered to my house.  But the bottles are to flimsy.
How can you go wrong with Coconut?  Nice tasting.
THE PRODUCTS WERE JUST THROWN INTO THE BOX. SOME WERE SMASHED. WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN.
Tastes like bacon. A little salty and sweet for me but other May like it.
...candy showed up in a bag, not in a box as shown in the ad...
We used it for a fudge recipe. It worked but the flavor was off a bit.
The flavors tasted like chemical flume...
Seems a lot milder than other Mexican vanilla not as deep flavor
The product tastes good. Although it is crazy overpriced for the size
The outside nut coating is too powdery.  Takes away from overall taste.
It worked but not how the reviews described it. Took all day before anything happened.
If it was not paper thin it be way better not worth 25$
Great product horribly overpriced though!
A nice tea but not sweet enough for terrible sweet tooth...will finish the bag, though.
Bit too bananaish  or me. My son loves it.
Does not have any cotton candy flavor at all
Expected more flavor from Sunkist. Disappointing
I will try another of their products, not bad, just far too thin.
The lettuce is always wilted when I try to order. It also has alot of the stem part of the lettuce.
The tea lacks both flavor and strength.
I believe I should have ordered the flakes but this product is what it says it it.
Good but not great. Crazy Cups Death by Chocolate is a better choice. Not as bitter as Van Houtte.
You have to put them together yourself just an FYI
A bit dry. Not something I would buy again.
I know it says 100% juice, but it still tastes like syrup.
Got the zip but there was no taste of pumpkin spice.
Did not get the flavor of grape that I wanted when I ordered.
I am not of fan of the flavor of this product and will not purchase again.
Lots of powdery stuff at bottom of package. Bananas were a bit soft and not very crunchy.
It seemed over priced for what I received
it has same effect as umf 15+
Taste like normal vinegar to me with the bigger price
Flavor is decent enough, but texture is somewhat oily.
Bottom line its candy mmmm candy.... Not 100% Spree but it will do in a pinch.
Quick delivery, but the freshness was missing!
Burnt taste at the edges.
The cinnamon side was good..the chocolate was inedible..
Did not really like the taste
did not notice anything different in this flour than in the flour made here in Montana...
Everything was satisfactory.
it was used for a kids treat
Not as tasty as I thought it would be.  Need to use quite a bit for any flavor to come through.
If you are expecting a little chewiness this are not the ones.  Same texture as a saltine.
Not enough flavored coffee, to much dark roasted which I am not a fan of
Popcorn only popped half of the bag
$7.47 at sams club.  Same size different price
Found same item at a hunting store for half the price
These nuts are in the raw, and I have not gotten used to that yet, so I did not care for them much.
Product was damaged. Please replace
I only recieved 5 beef sticks in the package.  The picture is somewhat decieving.
Some really bitter or metallic tasting ones in the mix.
Neat little assortment of snacks, fun to try, but next to none seemed tasty
I think I used to much or something, but it was to salty and not enough flavor.
The package was open plus it was missing one or two pelons,
What is the white stuff around some of the sticks? Mold? Some are really mushy.
Out of 48 fruit leather, no grape ones.
The third edition was not sent. That is specifically why we bought these.
arrived intact, but i prefer the 10 oz package
This product was advertised as 56 packs in a box but it arrived with only 49 packs .
Product are getting smaller and more inexpensive that sad
This beef jerky should be valued becaus e  it is nutrtious.
I did not like the flavor of these.  Just not for me
The chocolates do not stay in their spaces.
I taste zero chocolate , what the heck
I do not like the taste!
Read carefully. It is beet and lemon juice
I love these chocolates. Unfortunately, they arrived a melted mess.  
This drink was loaded with sugar!! We will not order it again.
It is a little too salty for me, otherwise not bad.
Ordered and paid for 3 5oz bags. Only got 2.
Appreciate the organic option but this is lacking in flavor. Would not buy again.
12 shrimp...seriously?
Dissapointed the texture was spongy
Candies are not very fresh at all! Many of the pieces are stale.
It is not the same as the refrigerated version.
They taste great but heat got to them and they were flat and difficult to unwrap.
Big container worth buying instead of buying individual Gatorade
If you like alot of heat, this is for you
Delicious but Very expensive.  I can purchase a larger bag locally for less than I paid for this.
Great scent and taste but not much for how expensive it is.
"You cannot really taste any of the ""french vanilla"" flavor."
The jerky is a little too sweet for me.
Abit too pricy for jam lovers.
Do not put them on colored frosting. They absorb the color almost immediately.
Did not had the flavor as I remembered
Flavor did not last very long. A bit pricey.
Meh. Not better than other pancake mixes but more expensive. Will not purchase again.
The juice want great.but not what I wanted
Works wonderfully. Tastes awful. Bitter red
There is no taste.
Super stoked set these up on my coffee bar ! Only got 3 pumps ! BIG sad
All of the kcups expired last month.
Love the flavors. Prices are ridiculous
I have used these before but for some reason this one tasted a bit chemically. Not a fan.
Very little salt. Flavor is decent.  It is do not seem as fresh as other brands.
Was not for my taste buds
They were ok. A little dry.
This is not an upgrade from a can or jar of grilled artichokes. (But much more expensive.)
The smell was nausiated but worked well enough in my home made bath soak. Very moisturizing.
no instructions in English
Product itself was good....if you like eating crushed chips.
I do not like this turmeric.  Too
Smaller bag than expected, but still cheaper than the grocery store.
I did not like how there was silver wrapper in my coal. And the children did not like the flavor.
God but a bit too greasy for my taste.
Flavor great. Grew up eating it back in the island. But way too expensive for this small bag.
Everyone suggested this and it was not bad just what I was not expecting, a little salty
This blend has carrots and onions. Not a fan.
Was really hoping this would be like Wendys,  Unfortunately was not.  Disappointed!
Too close to expiry date. Double the amount of jalapeno flavor in one box.
Charged 15.00 for one can
in this time, individually wrapping is a necessity
Their not bad, but they are fatty
I love the tea but it is VERY expensive on here.....
We buy a lot of different brands of EVOO. This brand has a bitter, chemical, after taste.
They are definitely crunchy
These can get to chewy-hard for some reason.
A lot of the chips are broken resulting in too many crumbs.
Just like ones brought back when I went i Haiti
I expected the dried moringa to be greener... Its more brown than green.
All the batters are too thick and heavy which indicates it is a cheap quality batter
I was promised 12, 32gm bars and instead received 15, 20 gram bars.  You do the math!
Arrived as expected. Coffee is so so...
I could not tell that it helped like I expected it to
Goid seasoning. Needs to be stronger
too many pieces was broken
They tasted really dry. I feel like I should have soaked them in water before eating them.
Not much taste and watery. It was seedless, though.
Eh, it tastes like Chinese herb medicine. I do not like it at all.
The box seems to have gotten smaller smh
Eye try to drink tea and honey in moderation
Not impressed with Godiva anymore. Tastes really waxy and cheap these days
Very mediocre cherries, maybe I just needed to wait a week more.
But the expiration date is too close
the Medium Roast is a little weak for me.  I am not using dark roast.  Good coffee.
Smaller than expected and for money, but pretty boxes
Taste and smells similar to Asian lady bugs.
Love these but these size is weird.. way too big for lunch. Wish they were individual serving bags.
There needs to be a bit of oiliness in this product.
It is thicker for some reason and it is not as flavorful.
Smells just like coffee! Taste is bitter.
They were okay... Served their purpose. Overly expensive...
Wound up not using it, gave it away.
Was not fond of this flavor.
Liked the variety.  Products were not the freshest; some were stale.
they are a bit sweet tasting so hard to have with non-sweet foods, like for a sandwich wrap
They are small wished they were bigger but they are cute
Bought as a gift
Perished sooner than I expected.
bigger than we thought
Not sweet. Have to use twice as much as my regular brand which I can not get right now.I
Risky buying this way without knowing the quality of the product.  Prefer to go to a store.
We like this brand, but it is when we received it, the bottle was much smaller than we expected.
The taste is great but really difficult to get and eat out of the packaging. Hard to open as well
2/6 eggs were cracked
Horrible stink when first opened but after airing out they are good
The bottles leak! I keep hoping they will fix it because I like this product.
My kids love them. I think they are hard, too chewy, and gross.
My family loves Hint but this flavor did not make it. We think it tastes like a peppermint paddy
There was no value for the money.
The flavor was nkt good.bitter
Pretty pricey for such small bags. Dollar General has them much cheaper.
Ordered 2 Boxes of 4, each box only had 3 bottles and an air bag.
It is not crispy as its name.
Not fresh - very close to expiration date - especially for fruit snacks.
Not enough for what I paid
shipping rate  makes  final prices too high, I like but for that reason I will not buy  it anymore
Great product but insanely overpriced.
For use in baking, not as chewing gum
Light flavor taste and thick rine so less fruit than expected
Just wanted to try something different but will not buy again
Product came without a label, as you can see what it should look like.
Not a fan. The texture is gritty and it lacks flavor.
still working with this product.
Adding some blueberries would probably help.
will stick with the yellow
They did not  taste fresh.they were a steal
Moistness was minimal. Beans appeared somewhat dry
It is just peanut butter...
price up 66% in a month
some came melted, sticky & insides seeping out.
These are good, but are very small!  Not the same size as the ones you buy at Central Market.
I do not quite remember these. Because the A-Team in the middle of my sleep
great idea just a little weak, even on the smallest setting seems watered down.
They taste like dog treats.
this is pricey, it is a LOT cheaper getting them from Nespresso
Great candy when fresh. Arrived broken and hardened. Disappointed.
The box was broken on the bottom and more than half the cans were dented. Tasty product though.
Salt is salt is salt. Bought on price.
Bag was busted open
I thought with the pricing these were the big ones.
I just ordered the wrong flavor. Be sure you are paying attention
like to have the shelfstability
these chips were powdery. maybe they were old and we did not check the date.
Not very kind, Kind Bars. Buyers BE CAREFUL! These are Mini's as barely indicated.
I wish they would have noted the expiration date, it is not even 60 days from the date of delivery.
not saying the name of store but $ store has them for $1.25 for 10 pack
I prefer The brand Amazon does not carry anymore
Dulls perception of sour/bitter, but is not as strong as other brands
On the weaker side ... not much flavor.
Everytime my son eat it. He will get  Diarrhea
Nothing to say-just did not smell or taste like what I was hoping for.
It is not sturdy enough
I tried some, but not all, of the included varieties, and found them uninteresting.
All my boxes were smashed.
Open package as soon as you get it. The nuts hold moisture and molded
Good product but too expensive.
Not going to buy these again... they do not have expiration date marked on the bottle.
They are not fresh. They taste good but they are not fresh. Do Not buy. Not worth the money.
Regular medium dark coffee but not mocha have. It is drinkable but not mocha!
Packaging difficult to open and suckers kind of sticky
For the price I expected better flavor. This is equal in my opinion to mediocre gas station coffee.
Will not seal shut!  Powder flies everywhere when trying to get closed.
It is a good idea, but the nut pack seems to go stale before the other products are expired.
The product itself was good but the amount was decreased for same money.
Not authentic, I have had much better from local Jamaican restaurants.
Love the product, 3 bottles in the package were broken
Pretty good with a little zing. Not sure how much it helped with my cough and congestion though :-/
This product is not dad but it is too salty
Is thin and smaller than anticipated and arrived bent. Very cute though
The contents were kind of broken up, although the packing seemed to be proper.
I am looking for the herbs oven fired flatbread
would not buy again for price .
It works for a quick on the go lunch. I have eaten half of them and not too fond of the flavors.
This does not have the flavor that the blue package has.  While it is ok, it is not great.
Some of these have a burned taste!
5 pounds too much. Oily not a good mix Did not taste like regular creamy
Not very tasty at all
These are no different to the dry leafs that you get in the store
Came dented and without a lid
Expected it to be more like rice, other options are closer.
Cans were all severely dented.
This decaf is fine, but no better than Maxwell House.
It was pretty but a lot smaller then I expected.
Overly sweet and not fresh
These were so hard, I nearly broke a tooth. But the flavor was right on point.
This is a typical danish. Not dry at all. However, I added cinnamon to enhance the flavor.
It is a little too sweet for me.
It is my favorite coffee but to expensive to purchase for the Vue Kuerig coffee machine.
my plants were all frozen
Tastes fine. Way too expensive for what you get.
Cookie is 350 calories Big Suprise to me, a bowl of Coco Pebbles is only 160
Pros: fast preparation cons: limp, very chewy-woody stems. Heads had all fallen off. Just yuk!
The product I use a lot for skin and hair care but there was a leak this time.
With only one stick it is lopsided
Gum flavor lasts all of 2 minutes...then its BAAAAAAAAD.
Did not have the flavor that I expected.
Still a little bland but not bad for a gluten free meal
All stuck together when they arrived
turned stale quickly
Good flavor and texture if you like small bags of crumbly super thin brownies that are crunchy.
Pretty poor Moroccan Mint tea.  Tea is so-so and mint is not-so.  Generous to give it three stars.
Not the same texture as the originals
Good product but too expensive.  I got it much cheaper at the local grocery.
Flavor was lacking. Will not purchase again
Price break is nice but bag is not resralable because protein gets caught :(
Was hoping it was thicker.....
Took 2 stars off because when I received it it was close to expiration.
Not exactly the right size, it not placed correctly it will slip all the way through.
They were all melted and stuck together.
Not a very fresh taste. Not the large peanuts like I got from Southern Season. A little too salty
The company I ordered from only sent 1 of 2 The 1 that did arrive smells like perfume
A couple of the packages were opened.  Box was still sealed.
Would not purchase again
My fault I did not see the mixed flavors , Not a fan !
Will not order again
I will not be buying this again
It is too much of a fake sweet taste
Product description on Amazon claimed this candy was sweetened with stevia extract. It is not!
It is a good product...BUT, it has way too much unhealthy salt!
Worked as advertised.
Almost cannot eat because it is too salty
The flavors are lacking and the oil not very tasty
I enjoyed the mushroom flavor so I tried this one as well. It is a yuck for me sorry
Spoons flavor was different from other candy canes and did not complement my hot chocolate
They require an acquired taste ... and I never acquired it.
Milder then expected
Tool so long to arrive that all were overly ripe upon arrival. We had to throw out four.
adds to the texture but takes away from the flavor. I do not use it anymore.
Several flavors have added caffeine and i did nit expect that.
The crystals are better than this powder.  Not sure if they make the crystals anymore!
I was expecting soft plump raisins... These are no different than sunripe that you get in the store
A&W was spot on the others where hmmm not so exciting. Stiff plastic like licorice is not my thing.
Give Teaposy Medley a try.
Came completely crushed
Honey had started to form crystals. Old? Improperly sealed? Not sure.
arrived covered in mold
two of eight bags torn
These were disappointing. I would rather eat plain Macadamia nuts then these. Kind of meh.
Did not care for the taste
2 of the 6 cans have leaks, it can be seen in the pictures and video and it has lost it pressure.
Use for cooking , Drinking all natural breakfast drink,or any time of the day.
check calorie count.  you would be surprised.
I use it on my seafood
There are many badeating grains in the seed, price was too expensive, each bag just little seed.
Forgot to include the sugar. Coffee with cream and no sugar? Not complete!!
Does not taste the same as what was sold on the stores.
Used it for Easter to put in the eggs
Do not taste how they used to.
Very expensive kind of dry and salty
Deceptive, wasteful packaging. Opened container and its only half full.
The flavor is so good but unfortunately all the packs of noodles were crushed into small pieces.
Literally Crushed it.  Atleast 80% were crushed.  Still had the same flavor, but messy
the candy-coating taste chalky
A quarter of the cucumber was mushy.  I had to cut that part of the cucumber off and throw it out.
These cookies were old, like they had been out dated.  Not the usual high Trader Joe quality.
To spicy for me.
My order does not say extra bold I think I got the wrong coffee
It is not all that.  It just do not dry fast enough
Its not very spicy
Cheaper at the gas station
Its tea....you brew it, you drink it, done
The flavor was excellent while the conditions were terrible.
Strange taste. A little pricey. More like milk than creamer. I will stick with regular almond milk.
Purchaser beware...these take 30 min to cook
They taste of nothing but pepper
Tasty but over priced
I did not read the ingredients before purchasing it is not all honey it is blended with sugar
3 of them arrived broken, other than that it was ok
the crackers were smaller than expected and were not the tastiest.
Some pastries were moldy
please note: this is cheese food not cheese
Many of the pieces were broken and was not very fresh.
I had to tone it down with a Pod of French roast!
I love this brand. The flavor is tasteless however.
The green ones are disgusting, the rest were great!
Had a strange chalky taste, sweetening htem more made them a little strange.
They just sucked. They did not really taste like snickerdoodles. And they were SO crumbly.
they are crumbly and not very tasty
Its like eating a brick made of diamonds.
Did not realize product was a warehouse deal tastes and looks old and box came open
Red dye everywhere
I do not understand why they had to add so much sugar.  Really ruins the product.
They are all right but nothing you would write home about. They are very small and the average tasting.
Love the water but water bottles arrived scuffed, dirty and in post office bin.
Did Not care for the flavor .
Next time I want honey or other flavors in my peanut butter I will add it myself
Its convenient. It may be cheaper than at the store but I have not compared prices.
I was expecting alot of flavor and just got extra sugar with a little flavor.
Caused heartburn.
Do not care for the aftertaste.
could be stronger.
Not the best coffee I have had, a little bitter for my liking. Sorry I bought such a big box.
Just not what I expected in flavor.
The so called coffee is too sweet with very little flavor of coffee. I will try some other brands
the crunch took out my boyfriends canker sore
The 'no duplicates' part is not true but there are some fun flavors
It has no flavor.
It looks big box on the picture but it is just a tiny one!!
The cookies were stale this delivery. I am going to try one more order- hopefully not stale
I gave it a 3 because the discription did not say it was oil and I wanted the extract not the oil
Smaller then expected
The package was open when it arrived.
I order these all the time for my husband. I ordered the pack of 6 and only 2 came in the package.
would not order again.
Not as flavorful as expected. Will stick to pure anise  oil.
Item description says 7 pack, box says 7 pack but only 6 in the box!
Very watered down tasting.
One of the bags was torn open
It is coffee. nothing to leave home for but I would not throw it away either.
They smell amazing. But unfortunately the have a slight medicinal taste like a cough drop.
Not the best, not the worst.  I would say it needs a little more black tea kick and less cinnamon.
product seemed old
they were cut up, very few whole slices, it was as if it was the end remains.
I specifically searched for honey in glass jars but thr honey came in plasic. Dissappointed.
coconut sugar has a very smoky, earthy, or this molasses flavor I do not love.
To eat as appetizer.
alittle too spicy
Non flavorful cashews.. Will buy from another vendor next time
Came with a cracked lid! Boooo!
Not frosty enough
Would like them individually wrapped
I do not like the aftertaste
These are o.k. Not my favorites.  Sort of like a Rice Krispie with a bit of chocolate around it.
Taste is amazing but too expensive
The candies were all stuck/melted onto the wrapper
Not sweet or creamy enough but when you are trying to gain the quarantine 15....
Not spicy at all
Distribution between flavors are not even! there are 20 pineapples and only 2 lemons beware!
Three out of the four cans were moderately to severely dented.  SMH.
Cannot return and seal was open and was slightly leaking so not sure if ok to use.
This is an okay tea. It has a subtle flavor, so I use two teabags.
i was hoping for some shrimp flavor but it does not give the amount of flavor I was expeting
Tasted great like usual, but was almost stale and 90% was crushed
Not really jumbo. I had purchased another brand that is REALLY JUMBO!
The flavor was off. It just was not what I remembered it to be from last year
These cost .89c a bottle locally. I was astonished at the price.
It was a salted order it came with no salt
Over powering taste of the sweetener.
2 of the 12 bags in the box were ripped open. Its a waste, and a shame.
Gummy. Not at all pleasing to eat.
Kind Of weak in flavor, short leafed, a number of stems. Fine for everyday drinking.
It is fine.  Too expensive.
Not a good flavor. There is a reason why it is so cheap
The peppercorns were as expected.  But the packaging broke during shipping.
This was not tasty nor did it look like the photo rather like biscuit dough
Smallest sausage I have had in my mouth.
Expect some cans to be dented
Was not in a poly bag leaked in box
Not Super Fresh Tasting.  Too expensive to order again and not enjoy as much as I hoped.
I found the quality to be alright.
They were okay but all the crisps were broken into crumbs. Not likely to buy again.
I love hazelnut coffee. Unfortunately this just tastes like regular coffee 
Not enough frosting and not enough fruity pepples.
First time ever buying Miso. So I do not really know how to review  it
It taste like a chemical. I did not notice much extra energy.
needs thicker cut
Purchased three times. One of them arrived rotten.
I made the Chex mix butter, Worcestershire mix per recipe tossed and baked. Helped a lot!
Smaller than the average mandarin I can pick up from an average local grocery store
Just buy Cholula.
Item arrived. Dissatisfied with the Flavor of the product.
Not as flavorful as I had hoped
Would not buy again
Could tell they were a little old.
Saltier than expected
Bottles was delivered with tops on them.
I do not think these are legit.
I am beginning to lose faith in canned tamales. They lack in flavor.
very salty and not enough mushroom flavor.
Somewhat dry and I did not like. I prefer the chewy bar.
A bit dry and grainy for my taste.
Every single cracker was broken. Real hard to work with. Flavor still the best
Did not have a lot of flavor.  Only used it once though.  Will try again.
Contains a lot of nuts; little fruit.  Not really a fruitcake.  More of a nutcake.
I generally like all Brianna's salad dressing but this was a little too sweet for my palate.  Sorry
One package of peas was damaged and peas were everywhere in the box.
As in the picture, the seal on one side was detached when I opened the package.
Did not realize it was the smaller bottle but it still works.
"The original ""white bloom"" is no longer on the chub. Too bad. Flavor not as good."
Revived two cherry and no orange flavor.
Meh was melted when I got it
Used it and followed directions but it molded, have never had my kombucha mold before
SOME CREAMERS LOOKS DAMAGED. THEY LOOKED SMASHED AND SOME CREAMERS WERE SPILLED.
seasoning was grinded a little bit too chunky but flavor was decent
Still unsure on this
Stale & many bitter ,rotten walnuts.
Had some issues with the coffee
There were bugs in a couple of boxes however since they are card board boxes that can happen
Not as descibed. It says pack of 10. You only get 1.
They were decent just very sugary and had little melon flavor in my opinion.
A dry course marzipan, flavor is off a bit, chocolate is waxy.
not enough flavor  taste's like regular coffee
Having had pandan in so much in Asia, I was a little underwhelmed by the flavor of this.
The spicy flavor is not spicy. .......
Overall not my favorite of the smartfood popcorn, a little bland.
I did not read the size thought they were bigger then what came
Always too soft, I have orders them 3-4 times
About the same as other instant coffees
I was unable to taste the coconut because it was so sweet.
Taste was not what I was hoping for.
To have more natural vitamins. Flavorless, and a poor value.
The order I received contained 3 flavors not 4: 10-Altissio 10-Diavolitto 20-Stormio
Wish we could buy these through Prime Pantry
Not what I was looking for....
Not great, too sweet in an undesirable way
Did not notice any difference in sleeping after drinking this tea.
The coffee could have been fresher
I have to add a bunch of it before I can taste any sweetness
The packages cam in melting could not use.
Not like mints we got back in the day
I did not like this product because not all candies were the same.
Have not tried the syrup yet but it appears to be more watery. Very expensive for the quantity.
Sorry to say but these nuts are not fresh.  Not sure why, the last batch were fine.
Did not like the taste. Nothing to do with seller I did not like the taste of them
I was expecting pure white and there are dark grains in there as well.
Love the English Breakfast, but cannot really taste much bergamot in the Earl Grey. Frustrating~
Did not care for the taste
Everything was packaged well but seemed to be overpriced for quantity. Seemed skimpy.
Product of China
Completely unsweetened great for low carb diet but very bitter. Little goes long way
Plant arrived with a cracked stem. Could not be used as a gift.
"Seems like these were ""older"" and not very fresh. Still are them even though they were a bit hard."
Excellent tasting cereal but WAY overpriced. Terrible value.
A bit over priced for what it is...
It did not smell as good as the other brand. But it is not so bad. Delivery as expected.
The product is too sugary.
Did not solidify in the refrigerator overnight. With all the fakes around, cannot we trust someone?
They are yummy but not the same. Recipe has changed over years. But still tasty
did not care for some of the tea
Needs a longer expiration date.
Very dry. Maybe healthier that way. haha. Probably would not purchase again.
Way too expensive. 3x the cost of same in Whole Foods
These where okay but had a very weird grainy texture that I definitely did not enjoy.
While this product met our low sugar needs the aftertaste is a bit much.
Not a lot of flavor.
Way overpriced !
Bag had a slice in it, would like to replace it
This product was like licking a salt block. Too, too salty
Too course for my recipes.
not any different than other brands i have used...but like that it is organic
Stated above.  Will not purchase again.
Flavor good but very dry texture hard to spread and a little pricey
It smelled and tasted just like what you get in a jar from a lesser brand
Did not like some of the sweeter flavor profiles
Cannot really taste the chicken.  A Little too seasoned
helped heal my sore throat.
Thought the flavor would have been darker however you definitely feel the caffeine.
"It is decent coffee, not really ""bold"". I found it for less at a local supermarket."
Slightly bland. Light artificial strawberry, but very untasting cookie stick
It tastes like cardboard.
For the price, It does not really taste like French vanilla coffee, rather like regular coffee
They were alright
Great product but very expensive.
Came in unsealed bag with no roast date.
Sweeter than I expected. Matter of taste, of coursel.
The grounds empty into the cup.
Coffee is a little bit bitter wish there was ones of these with mild and medium
Just writing a review to get it off the screen. Pardon my OCD.
My 25 pounds was 24 pounds. 6 rocks, too.
Really did not care for the taste. But that is just personal preference.
I ordered 72. Only received 66.
I use it as an addition to recipes for added flavor.
They are plastic.
its good but very expensive.
There is too much loose debris of peanut/toffee at the bottom of the pack.
Good product but rather expensive.
Thought I was getting sanding sugar....got crystals.
It was ok not good Priced way too high total rip off do not buy
Thought the bars would be bigger
not Spicy at all.
I thought the box would be bigger considering the price.
2 out of 3 of my boxes were damaged.
Delivered in Leonidas Box and my wife found out what I got for her Valentine's day. Doh!!!
wish they cleaned the dirt of the shells
Crushed by the time I got them delivered
Had wanted raw nuts. These were roasted.Not the right nuts!
Not terribke, but nowhere bear as sring as I like
When you only get 12 you do not want them open
Cans are 16oz NOT 24oz as advertised.
Thought they were already assembled..took too long to assemble
Not terrible not good.
Purchased product in March, expiration date is April!
My dtr does not eat meat or seafood.  Bought it for her.
They taste ok, but they do not sprout. Seem to be old. Lots of seeds are broken.
I have not open it yet but the bottle got so wet as box was.. kind of afraid to try it.
It just was not enough peanut butter in the wafer.
Soggy box. Damaged pops.
Neither a great nor bad flavor. Just so-so.
Cans came dented, I do not like that at all.
could not find organic anywhere on container.
I expected full or king size but this hAlf size
The granola bars a good for a quick snack but can get boring and repetitive.
Product description says this is sold as a two pack. only received single bottle.
Goya brand tastes much better, very disappointing. The texture is also very mushy.
"Did not really have a BBQ flavor to be-had to ""doctor"" them up a bit"
The was no lifesavers
Used to Flavor water.  But I did not care for the taste.
was not thebest I have purchased.
Good but not excellent Stollen
Just like product statement states it is.
Not very flavorable and the bottle leaked in the pkg.
Only about half of the mangos were ripe and sweet. Threw out the rest
It has aftertaste
Edible but the candy not soft like  gumdrops should be.
They are not plastic they are paper
I know they are suppose to be soft, but it is  more like stale mints
Container does not seal well, some product leaked out during shipment.
Sell By Date printed on bottle was almost a year before I bought it...
I opened the box and all 8 individual packs were expired.
Not what I expected but it will do
I ended up adding some 2% milk to make it edible.  Probably will not get again.
Flavor was bland and overly rich. Spices might have worked better with different nuts as the base.
Sour, but the candy flavor itself is pretty low quality.
Arrived damaged.  4 out of 6 made it.
It was way to salty
Very expensive.  Great taste
Did not come the right count - missing a package of cookies! Many are broken!
does not taste as good as the regular size. just not great
The stuffing is less than in the regular cookies - do not know why.  Only covers 80% of the cookie.
They are smaller than expected.
Expires in few months, old stock
The product was delivered promptly but I have noticed that they taste a little old.
Just like adding lime to water. Wish they gave 500 count variety packs.
There was one or two sunflowers only. Disappointing they filled the bouquet with other items
The crust was over powering and the pumpkin did not set up in the middle.
Product was old.
If mixes smoothies and oatmeal well.
Candy was to old
Product description states 20 pcs. Box arrived with 18
Have used - so cannot judge  Pat
A bit stale, but okay for cooking.
Cute but one of my sticks were broken when I received my package
I received my package today but I only got one bag, not two. Help! Thank you!
My daughter liked it, just thought it was too expensive for the size!
Not as full-flavored
My package was open when I received it.
I was looking for a substitute for candy. It did not hit the mark.
Tasty but too spicy gave me diarrhea
I only wanted them one-time not every month,  I received another one which I refused and sent back.
Water bottles expanded
Tiny, about the size of the palm of my hand.
The flavors we received were not the ones pictured.
The nuts were too dry and not as tasty as Planters
I wish it did not have extra sugar
very mild coffee....not bitter, but very little flavor. will not buy again.
Tastes like packaged mashed potatoes. Tastes a little better than some other brands.
Nice but def artificial tasting ... Decent
Does not feel fresh. Whenever I eat it, it feels as if it was kept open in a wet atmosphere.
The kids did not like the flavor
Good taste but boy did it ever stain my cutting board. Had to sand it down and re-oil
stored in kitchen cabinet for 8 months and would not sprout after that
Consistency of a smoldered rock.
Four dollars per bottle. Will not buy them again.
Way smaller than it appears in photo
did not really care for the taste, definitely different than the restraunt.
We could taste the tin from the can.
I already reviewed these!
I was expecting dark chocolate with almonds ONLY NOT CRISP IN IT
Kind of expensive for 8 oz. Have to use it very sparingly.
Many crackers were broken
I like the tase but I wish it was thicker
Not nearly as flavorful as a real bagel or the Trader Joes version.
Product does not mention it as almonds that I am allergic.
Not a fan of the flavors but my coworkers were....the candies give me a headache though
tasty, but crumbly!
UPDATE:  I mixed a small bag of Wasabi peas with this mix and then it was just right!
Lost taste very quickly and became tough
Not sure I see the premium quality worth the extra cost.
These are OK,but not great.  Much prefer the pizza ones.
Was rotted - expired.
can we get this in 3 OZ also and long expiration  date
The price is doubled what it should be.
I bit into pieces that tasted of mold. Yuck. Would not buy this again.
Pretty and too long to me for our cupcakes but made them worked
Not as tasty as we hoped
Did not get everything that is in the picture!
Taste is good but very expensive for what you receive.
Chocolate was great but Seafoam was dried and hard to bite into.  Sorry.
They arrived on time. I received about 1/2 teaspoon  of grains.
Only lasted one day
family did not much care for it  okay but not great
It is what it is.
Its good but half the size of the one in store very small. Not what i expected.
Low in salt as not many options out there, however, it is too sweet.
Tastes like grape, but not enough grape. It tastes watered down
Not as flavorful as I would expect in a chocolate of this price point.
Very easy to make and very hard to mess up would definitely recommend
Had to force myself to eat, so I would be wasteful. But I only ate 3 and could not do it
They were very hard when I got them but they tasted very good and not like they were old or stale.
Does not taste like the caffeinated coffee beans
They were worth the money but shipping is not a good idea, some leaked.
The texture taste did not like
Good taste, but definitely not fresh. Little on the hard side.
Taste was ok but very small shrimp
They have changed the formula since I last bought it and it just was not the same.
It is too sweet. Tasted like fruit jam. Also the texture was not great.
So I did get both containers
Not as good as I remember from years ago. Am disappointed.
This product has low flavor
Taste okay....nothing really out of the ordinary.
Tastes alright but is the consistency of water.
Not enough mint flavor.
I was surprised that it was accompanied with a little leaflet advertising adult content.
I was hoping for a low carb alternative to flour tortillas.  This is not it
Clam's were somewhat chewy.
Nothing special, I waited 2 weeks to get it, and it tastes like plain water. Try Evian in bottles!
Tasty but has lead in it. I still ate it but will not order again because... lead.
Not tasty not a good value. I have tasted better.
They taste just like the store brand and are more expensive.
Tasted artificial but was very cheap, so I sort of expected it.
I like the jerky but, as others have commented, this is for one bag not four.
Good variety of flavors but coffee was very weak. Not enough to wake help wake me in the am.
I like this product but who is idea was it to deliver this in a bag?!?
bought this as a gift no word if she likes it or not
one of the bags is open and thus, inedible. it should be replaced because i paid for it.
Twice I have received only a 12 pack instead of a 24 pack!
Wish it stayed fresh at least 3 days.
Jar cracked, leaking.
Package was open and I did not like it in my coffee not for me
Candy was a little sweet for my taste.
I thought they would be buttery caramel.  They were just plain sweet caramel.
Too healthy...had to put pickle juice in it to improve the taste.
I use them for snacks for my Sunday school class.
Need it to be a bit sweeter.
Not sweet enough for me.
Not a hassle to open and use. I use for food service.
Using this product under Drs. orders to try to help lower blood pressure
Meh! I have had better. It  tough. Also, I paid $7.956 for a 16 oz bag at Costco.
for all the sugar. it has a very understated flavor.  would expect that from low sugar syrups
HAVE TO WAIT TILL WINTER, SO THEY DO NOT MELT LIKE THE LAST ORDER I GOT !
Mistake thought they for dogs
Item was not fresh, the cookies were old and partially crumbling.
One glass came chipped.
not for martinis!. packed in oil
Too lite for my taste...
Update - customerservice@safecastle.com  immediately took action to resolve my problem.
Fine taste, but unacceptable price for a small bag of source
"One of my moderate ""medium"" faves at Starbucks..."
Did not live up to their hype.
This was a twig. I put it in water and away it went! Now it is showing promise.
Healthy but expensive for that amount.
tiny little square
There was not any problems with this cat food,
the popcorn tasted old
Do not like the texture or taste.
Not much flavor. Dry center. Needs more cream with the cherry
Not sure why my stomach did not like this tea maybe to strong for me
These were a replacement for ones I bought before for baking. They are too soft to bake with
It leaked in my kurig coffee maker. Bottom of coffee cup is not made to puncture,  too soft.
My package was damaged and open upon unboxing.
Good taste - Too expensive!
taste yummy. i was bummed to find out they have sugar in them.
Came melted. Put them in the freezer now its just a brick
Not much filling
Not as aromatic as I had wished.
I do not think I will purchase this again
These were way too big to put on cupcakes
The yogurt has melted
Smelled amazing, but unable to taste, as bottle arrived smashed in bubble envelope.
Too many peanuts. Not good selection of mixed nuts. Nuts small in size. Did have fresh taste.
Cannot tell if it makes a difference in my health. I will stick to green juice from whole foods.
Did not compare to yogi Tea would not repurchase
Not matcha, it is a blend and does not work for latte
So use to Ultra Zero that this flavor comes in a far second.
To much money from Amazon for stale nuts kind of takes away thee overall taste you look for
pretty much what I expected. Not sure I would buy again though..more of a novelty
Not as big. Normal size actually
good homeopathic base
Tiny box, alot cheaper from other sellers. Not worth the price honestly
Not sour enough.
Not very strong definitely not espresso
Most of them broken up
It was for a waffle recipe.
Flavor was not what I expected
Leaves a film in your mouth that makes your mouth feel dryer than before you drank it.
Did not receive the Colombian cups which also means I am short 12 cups.
3 of the 6 bottles had loose caps and leaked inside box. Did not leak to much to send back.
A lot of the flavors were gross and I cannot have strawberries.
I did not think it was robust enough and some flavors were not to my liking
They could be a tad bit bigger but my kids like them
They are not strong enough but it is okay
Not enough candy in the box for the price...
It was a large quanity and would last along time, but hard to find in local grocery stores.
Your standard frozen cheese pizza. Not great, not terrible.
This is LOADED with sugar!
These are decent but do not taste like a whoopie pie. They taste similar to a devil dog.
Thought it was Organic because of the company selling it. Wish I saw that it was not.
It was not what I was expecting.  That is why I gave it a 4.
I thought they were the same as the trader Joe's ones...they are not.
4 out of 5 cans dented. Crab is completely ground up
better than 365, but too expensive.
A taste you find in machine dispensers
This tastes good and fills that cereal spot, but it is so expensive!!
It is just ok.  Not great for loosing weight
Strong coffee.....a little goes a long way.
I like the taste, but I thought it would increase my desire and it did not.
This is lacking in flavor that you expect from a cacciatore sauce.
Hollow and taste burnt
The ears were broken off half of the bunnies, but they are cute!
I did not care for two of the three flavors
Have not the flavor I was expecting, is not real fruit flavor
Did not like it was from China
Not really spiced. And a little bit sweet
Low protein milk that does not foam in my Aeroccino the way other brands do.
Do not carry for Italian.
Thought it was the big bottles, turns out it was the smaller ones.
Not enough in the container to make a salad for even two people.
I was surprised to see how small the bag is. I thought it would be bigger.
Received an incorrect item in package. I got rabbit food as well.
This coffee tasted kind of stale
Did not care for them.
Not great not bad
Separated and no replacement option 
Keep the product in a can.
breakfast. Too sweet. Too expensive.
One was broken. Mucked up the rest. But I love this brand.
Stomach/tight jaw 
The spice factor is good but the taste was a bit weird.
Soda should be stronger than it was to taste
used with Champagne as variant of mimosa
Interesting but the flavor is very weak.
I love corn chex, unfortunately, when I opened this box the chex were broken ...... the whole box!
Waaaaay salty, nuts were in funky shape. Do not do it.
... still comparing with others....
eh...  I Am a Coke fan...
Its actually pretty thin and for me, it is  not crispy enough.
The inner wrap has changed from thin foil to plastic Mylar. The nougat is now more like Divinity.
Not Moist enough. Almost Dried out
Was a bit old, a small part of it was smaller and a bit rancid.
Description says that 2 packages are included....I only received 1 package.
I only received 9 boxes of 10 pouches.
Expired to soon to use these as a item for gift baskets.
This was a gift.
They are very expensive. They all taste good except for the lemonade.
With all the different flavors, I miss the real taste of coffee
Shipping time wad to long and cost per volume was way high .
Had branch pieces in it.
First off,they mailed wrong type wanted lemon not chocolate , other than that the product was good.
I get it cheaper at the big box stores
I like the flavor but the chemicals of lead and cadmium causes me to pause on buying it again
They taste more like sugar than white chocolate. The discs are smaller than expected.
I found it a little bland and really needed to add some salt.
Cannot tell any difference, but it is got to be benefical
I ordered two of these - one was mostly meat, the other was almost half fat.
They were OK. Seemed to be getting on the stale side.
Fun item.  Shipping needs to be improved as lots of broken ones. Tasty.
Low carb so I thought I would try these ... they are still in my cabinet. We did not care for them
Took too long to get here i purchase these a while ago. 3 weeks maybe. Not worth it
One bag only had the do not eat packet in it.
Fake butter. not cookies.  My kids thought they were ok, but do not want me to get them again.
There are not enough almonds, also it is a bit too soft.
Too soft for me, but that is just my opinion.
Has a bit of a fermented smell & taste to it.
Bland tasting and I had not realised when j bought that they would added sugar, so be aware.
Expect to have to repair it. Sending geingerbread houses vis USPS is not recommended.
Not as good as you would think. Too artificial for me
Was not a fan. Prefer the flat shaped veggie chips. Did Not like the texture and the oiliness.
I have ordered these 3 times, but the last order was expired by a month.
I did not like them but I made popsickles out of them and my kid loves them!
Does not really make that big of a cup of coffee.
Its something close. You feel like you drink a bit of  OIL. Its not that butter flavored.
No seaweed taste. Flavor not there.
The bag is gigantic! It will last you a very long time. I wish it came in a smaller size.
I just did not taste good. Guess I am used to the bad for you canned frosting !
product is as decribed.
Not as tasty as I was expecting
The expiration date on this can is in 2 years!
Several cans were dented. That makes me leary to eat them
Too salty gritty.texture
Cheaper compared to others but the quality is inferior as well.
Bitter aftertaste.  I have left this product in favor of a different sweetener.
Bland- not much flavor but healthy alternative.
Several of the packets had opened so the box was filled with random loose powder.
Definitely not enough product for cost. The mix is not easy to make for individual or single use.
They stay the consistency of frozen honey, it was fun but does not harden up like an actual sucker
I could not easily chew the snack. It had less mango and absolutely too much banana.
I tried these and for me I am not a fan of the taste.
Just taste like regular plain old waffles not bad but nothin to brag about
The Fritos tasted smoky and burnt. I had to throw them away
Not sure these are real smarties, logo looks off.
Cannot taste any lemon grass just the beef
Very expensive for one 16 oz bottle, price gouging for sure!
I ordered these for my wife. She said they tasted okay, but not good enough to justify the price.
OK Kettle corn, but needs to be sweeter, like Pop Secret!
Little zesty first me so I went with Kens instead
Tasted smokey. I did not care for it.
I got the replacement of my honey ginger tea,with the bonus. Thank you.
My students did not like the flavor. It was more expensive than most other brands
Love Peets coffee and even though this was dark roast a bit of a disappointment.
The taste of blend ability although it was all off-putting I only used it twice try another product
Tasty but they come all smashed up in a bag
It definitely works for vegan jello but has a fishy taste to it
A little too sweet for me.
It is a bit burnt, too much roasting time. Has a bitter aftertaste.
Darker colors require a lot of product.
These are good but not great!
Arrived open, leaking, and Rancid. Would not recommend
Does not taste the same as from restaurant.
Everyone loves these
I really like being able to try all of the flavors but it is expensive
Not enough for the Package
Expired on 10/2021 received on 11/07/2021. Will not let you return !! Scam
Footballs a little smaller than expected but still did the job
Like homemade big cookies only not as fresh.
Flavor is not strong, and the texture is weird. But it works for keto and good value.
Tiny little sprouts...eat them quickly as they are shipped old
Did not taste the same as the bottled product
Not bad but little taste-lacking
Ordered Poland and got Zephyrhills. Do not mind Zephyrhills just feel it was misleading.
The flavor is so so.
Try to eat responsable
Pretty good. Very crumbly. Less fake taste that the chocolate chip.
I love this brand, but the columbian ad the french roast were too bitter, I was pretty disappointed
Not great on our ham, very salty. Wish we could redo Easter dinner.
There are 15 different cookies and they all basically taste the same. I would not buy again.
Ido not know what i was thinking ,this item so overpriced.
was ok,would not buy again
I should be getting the other equal in April sometime.
No distinct chocolate flavor nor is it sweet enough. I will not buy it again.
The package I got was a bit stale not as fresh taste.
Puffs are not as big as mushroom popcorn.
This is not gold. Ill make it work because its nice.
Love the cookies, but way to expensive  to buy on a regular basis.
The kids did not like the taste... so I use it in my coffee to make mocca
Just like it is from the super-market.
Marshmallows have pork in it.
I did not realize that it could be so salty
Runny runny runny.  Next time I will drain the oil off before stirring.
Only got strawberry in both boxes
Unlike any I have seen before, threw them out
"The coffee was to weak for me so I had to put my coffee maker on ""strong"" before brewing"
I will stick with Montreal style seasoning. Just a preference.
I was supposed to get the variety ones but I get the watermelon one instead.
The consistency is a bit unclear.
Taste good and look cute, but very small and expensive.
They smell like Ding Dongs.  They do not taste like Ding Dongs.  They are decent enough coffee.
Much smaller than I expected.  Nice, but not worth $8.99, in my opinion.
Lots of calories
Not even close to Strawberry
Flavor not as robust as I had hoped. Tastes a bit like tea.
Not what I expected.
Decent color, but made frosting very bitter tasting
Still experimenting...
Sometimes it is fine, sometimes it is past it is prime.
Not as flavorful as Blue Mountain coffee should be.
I have bought this same brand several times, but this time, it is very bitter!
Bring back trident layers!
Dented cans ...disappointed
Does not mix well...got to work at it
Never tried,  package came opened and leaked out...
Not even a hint of sourness... super sour favor???
Picture shows 12lb. bag not the 12 individual boxes you wind up getting.
These were so sour!! They are what you expect but really lack in flavor.
Not enough coconut
Price is too high for these very small dessert cups.
It is not very flavorful.
The coffee's taste similar to the Chinese medicine.
I cannot rate as it was sent as a gift to. Nursing home with no ability to check.
This is my 2nd bag,this bag seems to have stringy texture to it.
Short sticks in a bag smaller than my hand.
Not the flavor that I am used to but I will give it a try.
It was in a bag to be given as a stocking stuffers
I could not find a place to attach the sticks. I ended up using scotch tape.
Arrived very broke up, and almost at expiration date. I had to throw away over half.
The cooking taste amazing fm but they came all broken. Only a few were whole.
I do not really know what to say about it.....its soy sauce.....so you either like it or you do not.
I like the colour and they do what they are supposed to but boy are they tiny!!!
Not much on taste but it will work in a pinch.
IT DOES NOT HAVE A POOL UP NECK FOR DESPENSING OIL
This product has tofu in it and it just is not nearly as regular meat chili.
Bag was torn lost 16 bags out of 100
I did not cate for this salsa; too sweet, few spices.
LET THE FLAVOR OUT!!
Plastic was crushed. Reimbursed
did not read ingredients first, gave it away due to sugars, added veg oils etc.
2 of these flavors are horrible! The other 2 are great!
It is not Tillamook but it works in a pinch.
The oil is fine. Unfortunately, it leaks every time I pour it.
Not as sparkly as the pictures make it seem.
My brownies turned out flat. Not worth the hype or money.
Not as flavorful as some I have purchased before.  Would not go out of my way to purchase again
Plastic Canister was broken when it arrived.  Too much of a pain to return, so I dealt with it.
they tasted funny. DIfferent than the small box of animal crackers
not sure if its worth mixing...
Not sure what the hype was over this seasoning. Taste is ok, but not worth it.
Way more expensive than my local asian market. Never again.
only if you like bourbon because it kills the bacon flavor
Prefer another brand--. Yogourmet. This brand did not doo well
They taste great, but there is not many in the bag. Too expensive for what you get.
was not a single bag, but three individual sleeves.
Does not taste anything like the boba stores.
Did not taste like carrot cake at all. No nuts. No carrots.
Something disagreed with my stomach.
Only 11 of 12 bars arrived!
I prefer strong mint, other things the tea  bag not strong enough for the heat.
I did not like the size of the item for the price.It was smaller than I anticipated.
Delish! But the tea will stain your coffee pot strainer
Did not seem like there was a lot of kale. Looked and tasted like a lot of cabbage.
Received 11 roses instead of 12.
This is my second time ordering. And My biz was short 2 bags of chips.
I would not say these are full size. I thought green apple was in the box. I would not repurchase
Salt was quite humid. and is not that low in sodium.
Too sweet and sloppy to eat.
Tastes too acidic/sour
Container leaking upon delivery
Convenient product but flavor sort of off turkey taste I expected
The sugar did not stick to my cupcakes at all
They were hard and chewy like they were old
you can eat four and still be hungry
Price needs to be reduced.
Came with a dent
The flavor was on point, but soooo greasy.
Ended up not eating them
do not get me wrong the soup is amazing but it is all broth and barely any noodles or chicken haha
This does not taste like the snickers in the stores
Lacks floral taste, you only taste the fruit aspects of each bottle.
These are not assorted.
It is like frozen Capri Sun,
it is not worth the price and barely taste like caramel. it is just coffee and cream tasting.
It is good but only gave 3 stars because it was too expensive for such a teeny tiny bottle.
Soggy and without the beef aroma, I do not think I will buy it again.
Love that it has little carbs , but too expensive to buy again
If I would wanted to have to cook the beans I would have bought dried beans in the first place.
Candy were old with white covering.
A bit too spicey for me.
It is a one and done for me. No thank you.
Lacked cranberries
As expected, however found this product after the fact for much cheaper at world market.
Not in a box. In a Ziploc Bag. Did not contain 100.
It is a bit salty
They are not zero net carbs.  They are 5 net carbs per serving
Were expensive and too sweet
Thought basket would be a little larger for the price.
material is a bit thin but works ok
My box came with 20 citrus sunrise and 10 acai alert, NO berry boost.
Arrived crushed and opened
Too costly to purchase again.
I did not care for this product.
The bubblegum overpowered everything
if not used before it expires, you get a funky taste
Ok for decaf- a little expensive
Not as soft as the ones at the store
It does not taste like Lemon Balm at all. The flavor is gone
Did not work as well as I remembered it working last year.
Nespresso all the way
in each package came a leaking bottle
Purchase for my sausage bread, taste a bit strange.
I am getting ready to get heavy
Just a little too much pickle flavoring. And do not eat the residue juice in the pack.
Your standard goji berries, in fancier packaging.
Cheesy to the taste, good flavor.
Candy was embarrassing! Embarrassed
The flavor can only be described as oddly vanilla
Bags were small. Good portion size but not a good value for the cost.
2 out of 3 cans were dented when they arrived.
They are addicting
Be careful about using it every day. Recient blood test showed an excess of B6 in my system
it does taste kind of fake but it is a goodprice
nuts are somewhat smaller than expected
one pack was great one horrible.
Needed something
Too many carbs, too much sugar. 2 bottles were broken and every other bottle was sticky.
keto and low carb treats are hard to make, these are good but in my opinion very expensive...
This product is way too salty.
Weak flavor, but live the low sodium.
Pretty  good,  very  expensive,  for such a small  pie
this item has gone up 40 % since my last order a year ago, find a new source
Not what I expected
I signed up for a recurring order. I need to substitute
Boxes were all dented, these were used as gifts.
Looks like they melted into circles not stsrs
Well-known name brand. Not that fresh and box was not full.
Contains sucralose, I am trying to limit artificial sweetness of all kind. The taste was bland.
I use 1/4 of the bag in my tea. I was not able to drink it when I put the whole pouch.
the peanut butter centers were dry, and not very favorable
I did not taste the flavors
They have a slight chalky taste to them. My kids liked them, but I did not love the taste.
The flavor last about 1 minute
did not affect the squirrels at all.
Meh. Save your money and just buy instant coffee if you like the taste.
It looks a lot bigger in the picture
they are tasty but not very hot, not even the hottest flavor
I ha e loved lemon heads since I was in high-school now 15yrs later I am still obsessed
the grind is to fine for my Kurieg I could only put a little in my pod
Was unpotted when arrived but she survived and is thriving!
Good texture, sauce was very weak, a bit disappointing overall.
Appears these are all outdated. Maybe why they were cheap?
It is a shame that one of my cartons had a hole in it so I could not use it.
Too pricey does not adjust for the time saved compared to buying locally
3 of the juice bottles were empty. When I opened the pack
IT IS A LITTLE DIFFERENT FROM THE ORIGINAL.
You get what you pay for. I use it in whaffles ( 10 ) grain and it adds to the the flavor
These marshmallows were larger than expy
The taste was there but the price was not!
Could not get the seeds to germinate
these do not work in the keurig 2.0
Product cuts down on calories... taste is good... size is rather small for the price
Too salty for my taste
not that good,the soup is wired.
This was ok, but I am disappointed. Tastes like Kroger brand. Not enough topping or flavor
A good base to start a potato soup.
They were a little too sweet
yup, they are bacon bits, too pricey, but needed them in a hurry
There is not one cinnamon spice package in the entire box!
I tried cold and hot. tasted gross cold, delicious hot
not what I expected, not traditional baklava
It is Splenda.  So what should I say?
A bit too strong. Tough to chew.
They taste kind of like Chips Ahoy, which is not my personal preference. A little dry, too.
I love this stuff, but two out of the three glass bottles were broken when they arrived.
Well received by friends
"A lot of ""old maids"". Not as tender as other Amish popcorns I have purchased in the past."
Used in a sandwich. Did not like flavor
Granny Smith apples are my favorite. This was disappointing
Very bitter, warm, cold or anyway!
Out Dated Product. 
Does not have the scent
to freaken salty  and i had to wash the chips  and dry them  to  eat them
Good.  Too expensive.  Cannot afford to keep using this
These chips were extremely hard. more so than the regular kettle chips
Only one box of crackers was received.
Flavor was okay but not amazing.
go to Orlando.com you get 4 for 40 if your going to pay 20 for one.
The product was great,  too bad the box was completely  smashed. Why do I cate, it was a gift.
Does not mix well, even with not liquids
bits in was cauliflower and sparse Broccoli
Not what I expected
I guess this is only something to order during the Winter. It showed up as one big clump.
7oz is $2 at Walmart
it tastes like chocolate pudding
Missing 2 of the sea salt and vinegar bags.... the main reason I purchased this box
The slices were so thin I could not roll them up without ripping them.  Taste was fine.
It tasted like if i was eating sand.
They did not plump as much as expected.
Not bad for what they are. However the candies themselves were very hard.
Works good,but not heavy duty. I do not expect it to last long.
The flavor was a bit overpowering.
Nuts were rancid. Shame.
These almost feel like they are old as they were way harder to eat than I remember.
This did not agree with me gave me tummy ach.
Candy was stale when I received it. Thought would be better be individually sealed.
It is okay but not great...
I think it was a fun experience, but it did not really last very long.
Not very good - weird consistency. McCormicks is a world better
Good base but needed a lot of additional flavor added.
Flavor is good and it is soft.  Packaged so tight it is broken into small pieces
4 out of 12 cans were dented....will not buy again!
Gave it to a friend who like the product.
Bought this to go in a flavor water bottle. It is too syrupy to work properly.
Why is sugar added
I just wanted my money in this. There is no color to the food when added. Never again
I think too pricey
Did I really order this?  I will not order it again.  Canceled Amazon Fresh.  Way too confusing.
Terribly overpriced! Clean, fresh, MILD PERFECTLY AVERAGE...
Bags less than half full.
I like them a lot but the family does not, but they are to please. they do not like change.
Not Kosher. Not Halal.
Flavor does not last long and gum gets hard very quick.
Not like I remember them
Gift for someone that had surgery
Cards are great, suckers look like little penises so we will be going a different route.
Love the product, however the 2-pack is very small, not enough product for the high price.
Not as tender as I was hoping to
This assortment of candies went over well with kids who were Trick or Treating.
I wanted lots of flavor. This is just medium. Not bad but not great. I doctor each bowl.
Expiration date were to short.
They looked a little rough but the taste was okay.  I am not sure I would get them again.
Not a fan of the flavor. It does not really taste like pickles.
Love the item but the price for this size is just silly.
Wife likes it, that is what counts ....
I personally did not like the taste
small amount of shimp, very unflavourful
Just way Too salty.
It did not have as much flavor that I was expecting.  I think it was not worth the price.
it will be a gift at xmas.
Usually jam is spreadable.  What I received was more like thick syrup that you pour!
Not what I expected.
smaller than expected
Tastes a bit chemically.
These prices are a little steep, but the convenience is worth it.
I like macadamia nuts but this one tastes old so I did not eat it.
Arrived moldy but received a credit for the cost.
the product was received well and well received
The sweetener ingredient causes a laxative effect. Upset my stomach too.
I do not like the menthol sensation
definitely kills ants but runny
Strange flavor. Reminiscent of cream soda, but with a hint of lemon. Limoncello? No.
nothing, if you like coconut this is your nitch
The bag of the cheese came broke
Too sweet, very thick and hardens quickly when melted
Most of mine were broken
Looks luxury, but did not notice any health benefits from using it.
This listing was advertised as being from Italy but it is from Poland instead.
It has an after taste
taste is not even close to nutella's, and it is not smooth. I found better one from different brand
I should have known that they would be stall after Christmas
This tastes  like an off brand for a brand price
Dry and crumbly
Too sugary; coconut taste is masked; not going to order again.
The taste of long ago was not there, they were made with pecan halves not pieces!
Sometimes they coms all green and sometimes just right...... timing is everything here.
Left after taste that lingered to long.
I have to punch a hole in the bottom of the plastic cup in order to get it to work in my keurig.
Seems like last season's Pumpkin Spice out of storage.  With some gummy sediment at the bottom.
I like this but it is over priced. I will not be buying again
they over load the box with japeno chips
Rubbery ans limited flavor
Not good in coffee said my husband. Please DO NOT send any more.
Not the usual large seed I expect
Too much parsley not enough garlic
It is not outstanding Cocoa. It is ok... not great
Plan on taking 2-4 bags with you to equal a snack. Smaller amount than I was expecting per bag.
Chocolate tastes different.
it came as if the rat had a feast lots of them had holes bittenon them
I can barely taste it and I used a lot of product.  Do not recommend.
Not fond of Starbucks and the decaf coffee is watery.
this tea has a little different taste than the regular earl grey tea that I usually get but it is ok
It was salt and pepper packets no big deal
I feel like it gives me extra energy. But the taste is horrid just fyi.
The rosemary is overwhelming.  Too expensive to not really love the taste.
Not roasted enough
The vacuum packing, one looked fresh, the other old.
These just did not have the chew or texture I was wanting.
Not as tasty as the ORANGE.  Somewhat bitter. Does not mix with BUTTER for SAUCE as directed.
Not the flavor that I was expecting
Was not to flavorful
Still a fishy...ness about them
Expiration date was almost up
Not what I wanted
If you use the 4 oz setting it is fine. If you use the 6 or 8 it is very weak
Item is expired and are stale! I love baked Cheetos but no thanks!
Not very much in there for the price.
No complaints, just probably would never buy again
I have ordered these many times before but this last batch is hard and not good.
Easier than opening a can, keeps longer than an opened can.
I like the smell of lavender but the scent of it is a little too much
I order this two-pack about once a month, but they keep raising the price.  I am done.
These arrived in individual bars of melted goo.
Not enough flavor for the price.
It is ok.  Seemed watery. I like thick sauces.
The listing says 4 bags. I only received 3. Compared to grocery prices, this is a rip off.
Barely any taste...
Big bag of mush. I took a chance, but it is just a big bag of mush. Will cook with them.
Product came with one of the packages opened!
Not a very strong cinnamon taste but ok as a plain bagel
Does Not' taste like chocolate.
Good price, but taste bad. Never buy again.
I am kind of sad that I am the type of person that gets targeted advertisements for stuff like this.
Tastes like chicken soup if added to coffee a little funky but good
recount of order, all items received. Thank You
Enjoyed the cookies but way too expensive. Tins are not that pricey and there were so few cookies.
once again, not what I got!!! still got the foil with the white ....just not the same
It is not like it was growing up.
they are very nice just a little tough to chew and were hard
The flavor is not the same. It almost tasted like raisins over chocolate. ick.
These are large but taste a little bitter. Will not order again.
Barely any sour flavor to them.
Not as described.  Description is 1.5 oz.  Actual size is .2 oz.
Why does it have corn listed in the ingredients?
I ordered these for gifts, I only received  9. Description says it comes with 10 bars.
I cannot eat all that salt give me a heart attack.
The expiration date of this Coffee is little short. (october 2017)
Not alot of favor or aroma
Did not care for the taste!
I did not like all the flavors mixed
it came without the lid...
They removed the aa from their mix which completely ruined the overall flavor.
$24 to find out it is diet dr. pepper.
I thought I would love it. I do not love it. The flavor of coconut was as expected.
It is not claimed in the label but definitely is sugared heavily and colored.
I like it but too pricey to keep using.
Did not care for coffee @ all! Had no flavor.
These are okay however, an after taste to them which is hard to ignore!
I order this one by mistake but keep it.
Taste is not so bad. It is hot and spicy. Bottle is just too small. Overall, not bad.
Cookies over cooked not a good flavor. But cute tin.
Beautiful but almost impossible to make into 3D.
Several biscuits broken This is a high price for biscuit dust
weak flavor compared to most other sea salt & vinegar chips. good crunch but just pretty weak
The drink is a little too rich for me.  Too too chocolate.
Was mad lost 1/4 bag was busted open n all over box, not to happy
product tasted old, with the nuts having a rancid taste
I did not like the taste that much. A bit weak in taste
Have to get use to the flavor
I for one just do not  like it, I  would like to send what is left  back.
"tasted ok, BUT half this size I was expecting. Only 9"" long. Not worth the price."
DID NOT LIKE THE REGULAR FRUITCAKE BUT THE DARK TASTED RICHER
Pops like regular popcorn not a monster pop
Not a fan of the flavor
no listofingredients is given i am allergic to sodium benzoate ad thus have to give it away
Not nearly as full as the picture indicated but at least the flowers were fresh.
Flavor.... put a warhead sour candy and spoonful of salt in your mouth  for the same effect
Does not stay together
I like this product line but was not all that fond of the blackberry flavor
Only one packet sent, 2 should have come
The ingredients were great...The taste was pretty hard to take
Some of the  snickers were old.
"My cookies came crushed sort of and looked all ""dusty"". Not like the first time I had them."
Meh... standard generic quality
Flavor was lacking.
Taste OK, but the chips are uneven in thickness, and the thicker ones are not crisp.
Received with SEVERAL broken crackers. Poorly wrapped for shipping. However the taste was ok.
These were good but they arrived in crumbles.  Way too expensive for crumbs.  Would not buy again
Not as good as I had hooed.  Will finish the package, but would  not re-order, sadly.
The flavor was not what I expected
It was just OK - not amazing - I will not re-order.
Most of the crackers were broken.
Really great product but only received 12 drinks when it was supposed to be 36 :(
Everyone is palate is different. These cookies are too sugary for me.
They were older chocolates. Turning white
My husband loves these but a little too sweet for my taste.
NOT like you can buy in Washington State
Would definitely try the other flavors as well
Product sticks together
I do not like the taste personally. It is filling
I have the regular mocha as well. The peppermint just does not do much for me.
Box was a little damaged but there were open bags and chips all over inside.  Will not order again
Sorry I do not remember buying this so it could not have been too spectacular
Okay but not great.
as would like, but that is a personal preference.
I like this candy but 2 lbs is a lot.
Dry crumbly hope it does not get tossed around
I have not used it yet but package came spilled and was taped shut.
It does not have enough hazelnut flavor. Especially when added to your coffee.
Good but a little stale
They were VERY tiny potatoes. I did not realize that.
I thought these were k cups not pods.
it was totally broken into tiny pieces when it arrived. Tastes not bad though.
I used this on the medium cup setting on my machine because on the large it taste watered down.
Did not care for the taste of it at all.
It was ok but a little bland. I added meatballs and Italian sausage for flavor.
Some taste different than others. It is strange.
The flavor is not bad, but its not great either....literally worth its price
Taste different then what I am use too
Bought for a friend!
To much and not enough of it for price
taste yummy but I think I am allergic to it
This is just monster cola. I miss the old flavor.
Like the idea of the smaller bag but too costly for the size.
Not bad.  Not great.  Serviceable
Energy and weight management.
Target has the bigger 40oz version of this for the same price @ $5.79!
There is no expiration date on bottle?
as described. worth the money as unable to find in local stores.
I personally did not like this
Can is loaded with tomato peel. There should be none!!
My daughter likes these but I do not care for them.
Mine came pretty late, the caramel flavor was a little bit burnt
Not what I expected
Not sure sugar free?
so so coffee with no cream
Very small but fine for my 3 year old
I used to buy babkas when I lived in NYC, they were never this dry.
Kind of mealy and not sweet enough.  The black bean ingredient was a turn off for me.
Does it is purpose
Pretty and small box for $15.  You can get cheaper at the local stores!
its like eating cardboard with flavoring
I purchased these all the time.  I cannot quite say but these seemed different.
It is not 23 cents per ounce. Be carefull it is actually 1.51 per ounce
Considering the cost of this item, the expiration date bites
I like it but too long to get to me
All of the k cups do not work in my kuerig.  Please check that before buying.
Title says it all
Unfortunately they trigger migraines for me. Love the taste, not overpowering
Much smaller than I anticipated for the price.
Tiny little bottles
Too bland for a bold decaf; it should be rebranded for a medium if not light...
Ok . Was a little hard to chew but could taste that they were apples.
Looked like they purchased candy and then put into a different bag!
I HAVE NO FUTHER COMMENTS AT THIS TIME.
Not enough cashews .. little on the salty side.
The pudding is good but has a slightly weird flavor
The cheddar is the only really yummy one
The salt in the shakers were all stuck together. Kind Of stale.
None of the poptarts were fresh, total disappointment
the cheddar flavor is lighter than I would like.
Some packages have a weird funky smell. Overall tastes good after rinsing a couple of times.
Not enough product for the price.
Product did not cake as well. Probably needed xanthan gum in recipe.
"Thought these might taste like ""home made"" - they missed it."
Tastes like it is out of date!! Not as expected
Dislike value for the money
The nuts were so mixed up in their packaging that one entire compartment was empty.
Not enough for the price.  Will not order again.
Tasty but definitely not filling.
Hi,  several packets were empty.
Product appeared to have been sitting on a shelf quite some time!
Peanut butter crackers were crumbly.  Box was kid oriented.
when we opened the packages most of them were stale :/
These are very tasty. I was expecting larger bars though. They are only about 2 inch by 1 inch.
I can taste the nut but something else also and is what I do not like
Arrived green but when I was ready to cook some brown spots appeared.
The picture shows a box but the item comes in a bag.
People who really love dark chocolate will like this.  It was too bitter for my taste.
a liitle more baked than usual - i like them like that but this was too dark - my opinion
I thought the flavoring was a little overpowering and much too salty.
Yummy as a chocolate covered marshmallow bunny.
I do not know how to use this item.  No directions.
It did not cook well like it said in the microwave
Tasty but pricey
This was the second time almost expired products 07/23/2021
Do not really care for the taste
Totally all melted...
9 of 12 bars were great.  The other 3 were stale
Not from USA..from Mexico
The plant arrived frozen
Once open, the pouring spout is flimsy. Will not order again
We buy other flavors of this brand and love them. This flavor tasted way too sweet and artificial.
Wish it was not granulated and it was leaves
ehh, id pass on this one
They are still growing so you all lied about two weeks
I do not like the laxatives effect
The corn bread tasted nothing like it should.  No flavor
Chips were crushed.  Still taste good, but disappointing that they came broken.
Way overpriced. Walmart has similar though thin not thick, at a fraction of the price.
They were not sour to me and they were put in candy bowl.
Only 5 bags were delivered and I was expecting (paid for) 6.
These peanuts are okay when you can not find Planters. Sorry we prefer Planters peanuts.
It was snack food
Every Wild Cherry pepsi can from my dec shipment exploded when opened.
It looked a lot bigger in picture. Wish I had ordered  2 just was not  large enough. Small portions.
not enough Raspberry flavor
Too much chocolate, to little filling. Nothing like a regular Snickers
These did not agree with me, very rubbery and hard to digest.
Product appears undamaged but box had been opened...
This will run your blood sugar up. Has sugar alcohol which acts like regular sugar.
shopping box is okbut the product is damage.
The inside was brown ice, not the creamy ice cream shown
Expensive But ok
Candy was very hard when it arrived - it soften up some after heating and tasted ok a a a
Pretty weak. Not better than regular old cocoa.
How can it be that good for you, yeah it has aloe but it also has artificial ingredients?
Taste old dry looks burnt will not buy again
Every single can is deformed.
This coffee had the medium roast that I like but did not find a chocolate or peanut odor or flavor.
It was a lousy assortment, not enough effort to add more variety!
Not very flavorful. Too much alcohol smell.
Everytime I order these, most of them are bad and there is only really one or two I can use.
Expensive ok tasting treat.
Arrived as promised, none broken, not so sure about freshness...
Arrived open, no seal and liquid spilling out.
Not what I expected. No salt.
Does not taste the same as the pre-made version.
I really do not like it,because it is not the same of the picture you show
These were out of date within 2 weeks of my receiving the product.
They were ok just thick and not like a gummi.
Not quite the taste I expected.
We typically like more mental alertness with an energy supplement. No jitters or crash.
The product was okay. But it arrived 2 days late.
This is not a cake but not quite a pie!
Good product, bad price. Do not waste your money.
I finaaly received product
Did not really get the s'mores taste I wad expecting
Get Better Oats Brand, they are 10 times better than this crap!
all melted and sticky together
I prefer to buy American products !
It was what I expected 
Price is standard
My kids were not a fan of these ice pops.
I do not like or dislike this product. I just have tried and do not have plans to buy it again.
I really did not like it. Bought a different brand
I thought I supposed to get a gold and silver ?? I only got gold one...
Just okay. Was a little disappointed with taste and I love vegee burgers!
I love the product. the only reason for lower review is one of the bottles delivered was broken.
It separates n the flavor is not there.
"I would love it but the ""included scoop"" was missing!!!!"
It is filling. But it tastes like cardboard.
I love this hot chocolate, but it is getting nearly impossible to find in grocery stores.
Like the fact it does not have to be in fridge until I want it there
The number and magnitude of damaged cans is getting too far out of hand.
Not what I expected. Had Anchovy paste. Not whole anchovies.
These were just ok.  Nothing wrong with it just did not like it as much as I hoped.
I found them a bit doughy but my grandson loves them.
I always wanted to taste this cheese but we prefer Pecorino Romano, a goat cheese.
Went bad after opening ate some was tasty went to eat some more and they were moldy
Tasty treats but kind of expensive for the amount you get.
This coffee is just... fine. Not great.
No comparison to Kona coffee no longer sold by Gevalia.
Boxes are all open
Box smashed in shipping.  Cookies not broken.  5-6 small cookies per pack for the 140 calories.
package is much smaller than I imagined.  The gum loses its flavor very quickly.
too long to remember
The mashed potatoes had no flavor
Ordered two, only got one.... Then they are sticky, must have had a leak
Lots of dented cans. It does not really bother me but its something to be aware of.
Comes packaged very well, however, there is not a strong enough flavor of cinnamon to the coffee
The kernels when popped were too chewy. Did not like the texture.
What can I say, it is mustard.
A bit too pricey.
I guess this helps with sweetening, but I think I prefer stevia
Not flavored enough for my taste.
A little too sweet
Some are good and some are just plan weird.
I love these mints. But why are they getting so expensive?
Not to big peanuts
Tasty but pricey.
The syrup is fine, but the shipping time is crazy
Was not like philadephia whipped! Much harder to spread
Shocked by the tiny size but tastes fine
The product is good quality, but it is too expensive in my opinion.
I think these are old. They are salty and hard but I ate them.
Really watery, even when mixed with milk.
Did not have a lot of flavor.
Some of the fruits was not ripe
To greasy and fishy
I love the product. The only drawback is it was way expensive over the grocery store price.
These are a good addition to chicken recipes or red salsas but not a must have ingredient.
These were tasty. Flavor is not strong but overall they were ok.
They taste great, but the price, at over $1.20 an ounce, is outrageous.
These tend to explode at times in my machine die to air overfill in the cups.
Olive oil arrived leaking from red pepper bottle. Could not return.
Meh. A lot of twigs in the sumac.
This product is way over priced..,
Taste differently than Cheez-its in small individual bags.
Personally I did not like the flavor
It should be cheaper for the amount and quality.
I probably should have picked these up at Sam's because some of the Skittles were melted.
I like to mix my gelation with cottage cheese for a meal replacement.
Much Powerful Flavors But Too Little Drops At A Hefty Price.
This does not become soft when boiled, and some flavors are not tasty.
This product was my sons go to. He has Extreme allergies which one is beef. Why Epic?
That is a LOT of dehydrated marshmallows!!!
These all got ripe within 1 day & they all had to go into the freezer for banana bread, except one!
I ordered a 6 pack of water and only 5 were in the box.
The cupcake wrap did not fit my cupcakes, but I was able to use the toppers at least
That is was okay good portion size but a little salty tasting otherwise not too bad
Not sure what it really tastes like different flavor
Entire can of chip shards.. not one whole chip in can.. I DO NOT KNOW never had a problem in the past
Bring back Cacao
Although the salmon itself if good, I am disappointed there was no bones in the entire can.
The product is very cute. Unfortunately a wall and roof pieces arrived broken
Unlike the photo-there is no center filling and the candies are tiny
What I received has a different label than what I thought I had purchased. No explanation.
In milk tea and on cereal.
a bit bitter to my taste
The portions are so tiny
These came to us very dry
one of the two boxes damaged and item burst inside
I only tried the ginger one so far and I was disappointed in the flavor but it was ok.
Decent, but about half the amount I anticipated.
Cereal  was old the expiration date was of this year 08/22
can just about stand to eat these...
Would not have purchased this product if I knew it was from China
Loved it but thought it was way too expensive for the amount in the  Bottle
flavor is good, but after doing the math it is very expensive to buy them this way
It had superman and batman in an all avenger set.
Flavor was lacking this time
came melted in a big ball.
Did not care for the taste
Much smaller than I think.
They are just alright. Not like they use to be.
Not value for the price
I did not like the added lime juice. It tasted bitter and not like watermelon
Philly cheese lost its touch after 2007.
Not enough cinnamon scent
Peppermint mocha was great pumpkin was terrible
Flavor is decent. Really small sausages for the price.
it is the regular red flesh
no different than store coffee
It was turn in to powder
I had a project woth them but sadly most of them came broken
Kind Of weak I would have ordered the stronger one if I knew it was weak.
Was to acidic and bitter for my personal taste.
Good but a little too expensive
These were pretty dry after baking.
The macaroons are too sweet for me, very thick cookies
The product is very good but the container only bring less than half and it is  not fair
I bought the wrong kind of chips especially for our seniors in our little center.  My fault.
Teeny tiny little packet.
Like the product but it came with a hole in it. Opened
damaged can leaking inside shipping box...
Some of the cans were dented.
requires stove-top cooking so I gave it away...beautiful looking chunky cuts though
it did not taste like beer, rather brown sugar and molasses
For the root beer barrel fix I would buy again
man they put a lot of water in this
There is only a hint of vanilla flavor. I prefer a stronger vanilla taste.
A NUMBER OF CANDIES WERE MELTED AND STUCK TOGETHER
This espresso is nice too bad. A bit bitter for my taste buds.
It requires you to put a-lot before it works
Very small cookies.  Currently the cheapest per pound way of buying Walkers, but not my favorite.
Very small container  so if you need a lot buy more than one
Found this tea tends to make my stomach upset
My kids and I like the texture and flavor.
If you like the orange cream ice cream you will like this taste. Just was not for me.
The bread started molding, after 3 days.  Had to discard it.
Not loving the taste but at least it is a safe snack option.
"A little too sweet with a weak ""actual"" flavor."
Mmmm do not think I care for it
The bags are too fragile and bursted before I could use,
The package was damaged and everything was crushed.
Must have been put underneath boxes of bricks completely smashed and not eligible for return
Title says it all
It was was not as crispy with flat dow as expected.
cookies in crumbles
Organic but its from China....weird. Packs are super small
This sandwich was flavorless.
The candy was fresh it was to hard tasted old
Tastes like water downed tea.
It was nice but for the price I thought it was a little small for the price
This was a gift.  Cannot answer any questions
Not worth the price. Nothing exciting about the combination.
I liked the taste, but not worth $20 for such a small bag
Still hurt my stomach
I like the taste and the convenience but still cost is an issue
Not what I expected
Great product!! Bad packaging, my bottle was broken. I had to use alternative lid.
Instead of 18 I only received 15 and it was in a carton box and not as shown on the picture.
Does not really takes like sour cream. Too sweet.
When my package arrived, the honey had leaked all over the packaging.
Not as spicy as I expected.
This is not the same as I used to get. The color is not the same either.
Not my favorite, but nothing wrong with it at all. I prefer the blueberry muffin though.
Love the product, but My bottle was broken upon delivery.
Hard to water and dries out too quickly
Was as expected.
It was regular sleepytime, not honey flavored.
The consistency of this product is more of a liquid, and less of a paste.  Messy.
Had to add lots of Splenda to get it to the point I could drink it.
I would not pay for this again. Cheaper in the store
The product is fine just do not be in a hurry to receive it. Shipping is extremely slow.
I am not a fan of this tea. I drink green tea all day and these 3 are not my first choice.
Love the flavor.  Sadly did not work for me
great product. too bad is was delivered 4 days after the designated delivery date.
I found the mushrooms to be rubbery.  I will not be ordering this product again.
It is not horrible but has a fake sugar aftertaste that does not go away
This was supposed to have a blood orange flavor.  However it was pretty much just a black tea.
Flavor's ok, but the meat yu hin is tough. Will not buy again.
The product arrive damaged, it was hidden inside a bigger box.Leaked coconut oil inside.
This was smaller than I thought.
Broken pocky and crushed package, but other than that its good
There is only 10 to 15 pieces ugh
Tasty, but arrived melted and all stuck together.
This is not bad, but not great, either. I will not order it again
Flavor was okay but not great. Lots of salt. Would not buy again.
They do clear out your sinuses but it is a very brief pow and then it is just regular gum.
I bought this ham for my son. He said was to salty. he could not eat this ham
I liked them but I thought the almonds tasted a bit stale.
Expensive for the tiny amount in bag.  Flavor is okay.
Favor good. Unfortunately their is at least 1/4 of the container that is powder.
Do not like the chocolate
I would not call this flour, its chunky like a corn meal.
Somewhat dry but did not expect much from mail order.
no better no worse than others
The packaging was not sufficient to keep the Pop-tarts from getting crushed during shipment.
The taste and texture was different than I was accustomed to.
So many broken ones! Was Not worth getting this many with how many were broken
Had higher expectations, did not really like the flavor.
Healthiest natural sweetener.
These olives are .... TOOOOOO DAMN SALTY !!!!!!  That is it ... That is all !!!
The anchovy taste is too strong. It works when I blend it half n half with another chili oil
"Product was either close to or after ""sell by"" date.  Kind Of hard, not soft at all. Not fresh"
Not as tasty as the double chocolate chip or the chocolate chip.
Ordered for my neighbor.  She does not think it tastes the same as the tea she bought at Costco.
I guess it looks better on the photo, but it is a thin topper
It is healthy but it is a little bland.
Pretty standard twizzlers. Some were really hard to chew though, as if they were old.
I love that these drinks are tasty, but I hate that they go flat fast.
As expected, not much else to say.
Chunky salt crystals after candy melts away
Lives a slimy residue at the bottom of mug
These have a very syrupy taste , almost like drinking heavy sugar water.
I would have given Oreo's 5 stars if only they were NOT made in China.
I did not like the flavor or texture. Definitely not going to buy again.
There is the nearest bunch flavor in this coffee as I had hoped.
Like the coffee. I do not like the pods, 3 so far and 3 quarters of the way through the box.
These are okay, not very large.  I had a lot of broken stems and shriveled up caperberries as well.
Its a little to powdery so alot comes out if your not careful
Neither outstanding nor bad
the product i received  came with a burger, donuts, ice cream and i was supposed to get a sushi one
I sent this to my son. He said one of the four bottles arrived broken. Unfortunately, no photo.
Gross tasting tea. Will not buy again!
Helped heal wounds
delicious but has questionable chemicals in it :(
They are all packaged as the mystery flavor so you have no idea which flavor you are getting.
I did not like the flavor so I could not even drink it
disappointing flavor and freshness- fair price,  meaty  nut
The flavor was lacking.
A bit over roasted. Not awful but not great.
Bitter.  Definitely add other juice to it.
not as tasty or robust as i had hoped
contains some sugar but still works well when you need an egg or eggs for a receipe.
2 high 4 that little
Community coffe is not what it was when I lived in nola.
Not as good as the last batch I bought.  Disappointed.
They were too small  and not like  the fresh radishes I buy.
"Those were NOT ""jumbo"" cashews."
Not too tasty. Would not purchase again
Good just too expensive and not very many servings
Good but not great. A little darker and not quite as flavorful as I hoped.
candy is hard for a 4 year old to chew
I would not purchase again, did not have a deep french roast flavor.
This is not what I expected, not enough meat
Core tastes cleaner. This just tasted like city water
I prefer the old packaging.
Freshness and flavor does not last long enough
Bought this to try something new. Entire label in Japanese. Wish I knew what the ingredients are!
I did not feel they worked well on my project.
Good gum but tastes NOTHING like cotton candy. My kids and I are disappointed.
Very odd flavor but worth a try
for cooking salad dressing. It is tooo refine!!
Still testing product
Like the thought. But the flavor was just not there. Like chewing Styrofoam
Not the worst or best- but are filling
I love the cereal marshmallows but these are a little more dry and hard.
how old is this product. not real fresh.
Bags come with no air in them, probably to fit in a smaller box. Lots of broken chips.
Tastes good but if I had more than one small piece at a time I felt sick
It gets delivered.  I have MS.  Makes it easier on me.
2 in my batch were moldy.
Only has strawberry cream and chocolate-cream.
It does not live up to hype.
Very high sodium and not much cheese flavor.
was not smoked completely... i.e. raw in center
It was melted all together.
Arrived damaged. Said they were going to replace, never did. Gave me a 10% discount instead.
I wanted a longer lasting jerky chew but these were soft and did not last long
Not bad, too much filling and not enough cherries.  Expensive.
There were three soiled in the bag leaking.
I regret I bought it!
In my opinion,  it is not worth the price, it is not bad coffee.  It is palettable.
Expected the seeds to be bigger
Tasted a little old
Not as good as other Kalamata oils I have had. I was a tiny bit disappointed with the flavor
REceived package and 3 of the 4 bags were open
There is no noticeable lavender flavor.
Never again.  This is not my thing
It is ok. As expected tastes like Old Bay. Wish it were a little spicier and much less expensive!
Did not have all the flavors mentioned.
The boxes were crushed
no use, bag opened when it arrived.
Good price. I not into the organic thing so I was not impressed with the taste.
Not sure if I like the flavors or not. Seem a little sour. I am more for sweet flavors.
expensive 12 bottles for $94.54 ... discovered some much cheaper ones from BRAGG (same size)
Not the robust flavor wonder it in fact is italian roast.
too much sugar - other than that it s a solid product
Its not a favorite of mine but if cooked with the right items it tastes decent.
I like the concept but I wish it was made with honey instead of sugar substitutes
Tastes is there but remember to read ingredients
Almonds are pasteurized.
"Has a ""funny"" taste to it, like bad whole milk.  It is tolerable."
I was expecting 2 to 3 times larger. These are about the size of a quarter.
Used this for my supper.
It is salt, what can I say?
Did not like the flavor
It was old so the inside were dried and started to rot and moldy.
We got the package and it was open and there were only 3 bottles in the box
Love the product. One was broken in transit and cannot get a replacement
No bites for me.
they came melted in the box
Hmm....definitely an acquired taste.
Some of the almonds tasted old, but most were at least of acceptable flavor.
I like a lot of Jimmy Dean products.  This is not one of them.
It was just average coffee, nothing special.  Flavor is rather weak.
I bought these rubs because of the good reviews but was disappointed. They are not very flavorful.
Flavor oksticks to teeth.
Flavor not as yummy as some of their others.
It is taco sheels, that is all.
Sting and a bitter
The pringles on the bottom of the cans are crumbled and in pieces.
A little to large. a smaller size would be the answer.
Soft, chewy but not sour enough.
2/3 people in my household find these not very tasty.
Personalized card was not included
This coffee is good but too expensive for me to use on a daily basis.
I had to get use to the taste
Pretty heavy sugar
I wish this gave a more chocolatey flavor.  I also wish it would dissolve into cold liquids.
Not a god value for the money
I like this product, purchased once and went to buy again and the price had doubled!!
I used it in a bread receipe and it took twice as long to rise as regular yeast would have.
Same as it is always been
A little too sweet
Water is great the delivery is horrible.
Not the same from my childhood
Not like the picture at all.
Save your money. It is small and sweet. It is sealed with aluminum foil...not with a cap.
This is not spring water, it has a different taste.
It is too over powered by the season oil. That is all you taste.
Not enough sea salt.
Package came opened.
Pretty small balls. Way too much packaging for it. I am disappointed in Whole Foods.
some look moldy or dirty! Most are ok
This bag of treats was much smaller than I expected and the pieces are tiny bits.
Not as satisfactory as other of this line are.  Was dry and crumbly.  Will not buy this one again.
More black pepper than expected
got just on time some of the sugars were clupmy from moisture getting in it looked like?
They did not taste like they used to when I lived there
not as tasty as the southwest style
I will have to put a note on the next order to deliver during business hours.
Tried it but did not do anything for colitis symptoms.
The taste is not for me.
Not enough zip for me. I will stick to my Greek seasoning.
The ad said tub of four. Only got 1 tub.
Just ok, a bit dry and plain.
It is an acceptable alternative for those who are limiting their sugars.
This is a pretty small bag. You can get a bigger bag at world market for around the same price.
price a little high.
I used to get these nuts many years back. They are not as hot nor as tasty as they once were sadly.
There were only a pack of 10 inside the bag that was delivered.
NOT AS FLAVORFUL AND AROMATIC AS I EXPECTED
Several of the wax bottles were empty or less than half full.
Did not really work how thought it would
did not notice much a difference in taste verses this and plain water to boil my crab in
The tea arrived on time.  However the box was smashed in so singe of the K cups were damaged.
The chocolate is about to expire.  This was not in the description.
Love the pasta. Broken up when it arrived.
Need to recvonens a sauce to go with it
Not very cheesey and kind of dried out if prepared in oven following instructions.
Drys out easily , bitter taste
These have a crunchy coating. Just unexpected
Does not taste like a margarita. I have others that taste close to a margarita.
If  Cheetos were made from peas,they would taste like this
Pricey and wrapper open
Gum was a decent price but it was very hard you cannot chew it long at all. I would not buy it again.
I love the product, but it is expensive.
Not a lot of orange flavor
Not a coffologist or anything.
I gave these to my students but a lot of them were smashed.
It was completely melted, but it was during our heat spell in California.
2out of 10 broke bottles
good but too expensive
I bought a trial pack. Contains Sucralose. Did not consume.
These were just Ok. Buttery, crunchy but the ingredients are just not clean enough for my body
This coffee was too strong intense for me. Also the taste was little sour
Pricey for its size
Used to mix for a morning  cleanse!
Was a little bit more sour than a fruit jam should be, even lemon. Maybe I  was expecting too much.
Better than the same coffee brand, but still a tad on the 'thin' side
My mother likes it I like the price
Flavor is not like the brand name ginger ales.
This is supposed to be a variety box but I received 2 of the same.
Too strong of a fake mango flavor for me - even when diluted with black tea.
Perhaps old stock but I received mine with an expiration date in two months
Geez, serious markup!  It is like $4 at Trader Joe's.  On the other hand, it tastes amazing.
They were super hard and not much flavor I was very displeased. Would not recommend..
It was missing the lid! I had to find a lid from another bottle to fit it.
It is a good flavor. Not strong and not really light.
Just issue me a credit.
I drink tonic water, but these were especially tiny cans and very bitter
Came melted together
I used it for cakes and cupcakes
A little flimsy but did the job, very pretty
has caffeine, guess I did not read well enough
Too fat for my coffee maker
Arrived on time and as advertised
I like the taste of this tea but it did not help me lose any weight. No side effects either.
"liked the flavor...however package malfunction caused leakage and random ""expansion"""
This is candy From Easter and it was Halloween!
Very dry and brittle
My family is always fight for the fortune cookies. This solves everything.
Color is really grey, not silver as expected.  Not much taste
When I received my package the spoons broken only a few were still ok to use.
The chocolate had started turning white witch means was not fresh.
One of the containers was already open. Did Not trust so threw it away.
Just wanted to try them and they suck
Not bad for the money, flavor runs weak from pod to pod.
Not what I had hoped after reading reviews. Then again, I am very picky on my dark roasted coffees.
Okay but a bit bland and the chicken could be more tender.
Taste = 5 Stars. Price on Amazon = 1 Star.  Soooo good, but expensive on Amazon.
Only problem was the fish sauce used is overpowering and you loose a lot of the other flavors.
Very bitter.  Tried several adaptations of recipes to work with this, but it did not come out well.
Ingredients do not contain any maple syrup or natural flavors.
Usually love! Unfortunately this shipment came all broke up :/
Just so so for taste.
Bought as emergency supplies.
I opened the box and counted the individual packets. I only received 46 of a box of 50! Why?
No review for gifts
It is ok, but a little to much of a bitter taste.
6 bags were empty.
It looks like they have a little tiny white worms in them!
Fast shipping, low price but subpar flavor.
It was a bit stale, the flavors in some of the pieces were more distinctive than others.
Not a fan of the mixed fruit.
You have to use a lot of it to get any flavor.
Not tangy like sourdough bread should be. womp womp
My son does not enjoy this very  much
Tea is extremely mild with very little bergamot flavor.
Just did not care for the flavor.
They were a bit broken and not too fresh. Looking locally.
Some of the glue did not hold.
Cute suckers. Used them in a gingerbread house scene. A couple were broken on arrival though.
My kids wanted to try every flavor.  There was no grape.  $42 for the drinks and no grape.
It ok...taste fakeish
Does not have the buttery taste/flavor that I had expected.
It was not my taste. I may try another flavor.
Had only 11 cans instead of 12.
Small serving for the price. We expected a bigger jar. Good taste, though.
Very skinny ropes. Looked larger in the picture. False advertising
Mostly a bag of vanilla and that was sad.
I just did not see a difference in my eyes....
One tube was destroyed and leaked all over the others and the inside of the box
The bubbles get really sticky and the taste of the power mix is not very good.
The ginger flavor is very strong and ended up making my nausea worse.
Good but expensive
Would give it 5 stars if it came without added sweeteners
Someone owes these candies an apology for whatever they have been through.
The product is proper, but it was supposed to come in a gift box and it did not.
Everything was what i ordered minus recieving  it later than the date that was expected.
PEZ did not come in a resealable bag.
This time it is on the liquid side not like the others that I received. Do not know why ?
In on of the advents all candies came loose inside and the other advent some came loose.
Just a tin can ornament with three stale candy cane ornaments. Nothing special.
Did not receive instruction book
A bit too tangy for us.
It was not enough vinegar to my taste
I did not care so much for the flavor and the pet serving is only 1/2 cup.
It was not a variety pack as purchased
Tastes artificial... Kind of goes against the point of purchasing organic
Not terrible tasting but not good either. Hard to force myself to drink it.
They were spicy 
They get smaller and smaller every year
Product white. Dated 08/21. Purchased 10 of 2021. Asked for replacement but denied.
The chocolate arrived on time but a little soft .
I thought they could have had a fresher taste. I doubt that I would purchase this brand again.
I am spoiled by locally grown Hawaiian Mamaki.
It has a flavor and consistency similar to cardboard.
It is not the best and it is not the worst
NOT enough dry flake to make bread.  easier just to sour your own starter.
requires a lot of powder to saturate color
Watch out for price scalping. It is now over 100% more expensive than a year ago.
For the the amount was greatbut was very salty than I expected!
Person preference.  I like a softer, thicker, chewier jerky.
My son loves it so much he cannot drink regular tea,
Boss man loves it
I would not order them again
Cut so small, some escapes from my various tea strainers.  Will try a different type next time.
My coworkers rave about it.  I was not a fan.  I do not like a lot of flavors at once.
Not a fan of sea salt - would not have bought it if I had realized.
Gluten free, preservative free, made with real fruit also made with artificial dyes. Buyer beware.
Bun is very dry. It feels soft to the touch and when it came it was expired by a day.
I feel like it has an essence of beer but it still somehow overpowers the cheese flavor.
The package came with brown liquid all over it. One of the cans was unopened but completely empty
This has to be refrigerated after you open it and tastes sweet with a weird powdery texture.
Did not really have a good Cotten candy tase. TOO expensive.
Like the Austin brand but not this variety pack, not enough of the crackers with cheese.
Quality was not usual, small nuts
Whole cashew price and nearly half of the nuts were halves or pieces.
Bought as a gift for my brother-in-law. He makes a liquid drink and has it every day..
100% organic. Did not  clump when filling capsules.
I wish that you could purchase only the cheese ones on subscribe and save.
"Not much ""coffee"" taste to me.  It is OK but a little flat for my taste."
Spout difficult to use. Broke easily.
Not bad, but a little heavy for my tastes but I am not a fan of powdered milk in my drinks.
Way too sweet...I gave them away
Not juicy how yellow peaches are suppose to be!
They were not a favorite but will do for a quick sugar fix
Simply delicious---but beware,  the sticks also melt in your mouth.
I have ordered this sauce multiple times and this time it is very watery with very little seasoning.
Satisfies a crunchy carb craving while staying within my carbohydrate limit.
Once it is cooked it is only half full!  Not very happy!
small and thin bacons, taste ok, never buy again
I ate it out of the pouch. For my lunch
Actually a 3 pack. Not an individual empanada. Very soggy and has NO flavor
The cake topper is super cute but they did not put my daughters name on it :(
Too sweet and had a weird aftertaste.
"Bought a 12 pack... 8 are still unopened... no one in the family ""rushing"" to get them."
Nuts were okay- not as fresh as expected. Gift tin was dented in on one side - not attractive
Need to use it for a longer period of time!
Can find same water forcheaper
Do not seem to have the aroma I would expect. Would not buy again.
I have not tasted the difference between the regular one and the extra strength.
Mine expired not even a month after I got them
Just ok.  Nothing special taste-wise, but at least it is not filled with gross chemicals.
Not as soft as I would have thought
Not a real bonsai.  If you live in Florida like I do, this is just a shrub.
5 cases ordered and 1 case was canceled and the another case was received damaged.
Very small size. Has a very funny scent! When I purchased this, I expected it to be 2 in. large.
Bought this for flavoring my coffee. I could not tell a difference.
I should have paid attention to the size! Tiny bottles!
They expire in 1 month .  Old product .  Good price but not for stale coffee
Nothing to write home about. Just coffee.
There is no taste to it
Liked these...but they got too expensive.  Had to switch to a Walmart brand.
Love Marie Callender products, but this was a big disappointment!
Was not the holiday tin pictured that I thought I was ordering.
Expired 2 months before ordering.
Mine were melted and had little white stuff on top the second time I ordered them.
I use this for an emergency pick up.
Forgot what a pain it was to cook these.
think they were stale this time. but it is okay
First batch was not good at all. Second batch better.
"Left me with a ""meh"" impression"
I hope Yogi would stop using metal stable on their tea bags.
A bit less than had hoped for. I would not have minded if they were not stale. :/
Too much money for such a small bag of rice. It is good rice but not worth the money.
Not the flavor I expected
did not do what I wanted it to.
These are dry powder coated not candy chocolate covered.
I was surprised.
They were a gift
There was a lot of the same flavored.
Had 6 Rice Krispies treats..not the selection shown at all.
not really my cup of tea
Have not tried this product yet because I did not realize it is a loose leaf tea.
Not a fan of the flavor
Item arrived dented.
It is ok. I little thin for spreading
Forgot what this tasted like, but I am still here.
Uneven quality, some good, others dry and stale.
I had too throw the entire bottle away, it does not taste as I thought it would.
If you are looking for a cup similar to Beef & Boards this is not it.
How is candy promoting wellness? Hmmm
grassy flavor.  Did not really care for it.
Just like any popcorn
I personally did not like the taste.
not so good but not so bad , i  think i will not buy it again
Not very good.  Kind of tasteless
Unusual spicy flavor that did not last to long. Was not worth the long delivery time.
My husband loves them. Not for me...cannot get beyond the initial smell.
The taste is ok. I do not mind it but the portions for the price is ridiculous. JMO
Product was referred to me by a friend.  Worked for my friend.  But, did not work for me.
Shipment had ants in the box
The bag might have melted because its a big clump.
Needs a resealable bag.
Some of them were broken other then that they are good.
It is orange peoke
It did not taste like real Italian torrone
They were a bit pricey but having one arrive dented was also a problem.
Was still edible yet I would not offer to others because of how the looked
There is an after taste
It has a strange flavor; I would not recommend it.
There were only 3 flavors, not 5.
Needs more flavor not strong enough cannot hardly taste horehound
Takes a bit too long to cook.
Sadly... not as good as i remember
Quality according to the price..
Not really Rose Gold more like a shiny pink
One works no problem,  the other barely pumps
Descripcin say 150 lollipop. There were just 129 lollipops in the container.
I did not like that I had to paint it myself
I like the regular pop chips
Nothing outstanding, thin and runny
Weak Coffee, Taste is okay. It does not matter if you had extra coffee as it will not taste stronger.
I paid alot of money for not much-- not happy. now i have to get more. blahh
I do not like it. Not something I would buy again. There is a pepper aftertaste.
I bought these as a healthy alternative for Cheerios but they are very hard. Too hard for a baby.
Some items were unsealed.Products spilled out in box.
After being in the refrigerator, they were not super fresh.
No flavor as if it is extracted
Convenient, but would prefer non-GMO organic milk
I accidentally ordered this item and I plan to return it
Did not like the fact that they were not pre-cut!
It did not come like the picture. It was taped closed. I tried to open it carefully and it ripped.
It is not hot enough
a little too sweet
Is too dry and have no smell like a real flower
Wish I had not bought 2 boxes ...
They are ok ish.  It is what I wanted.  But several came broken
Not 50 pieces in 2 packages
The problem was the texture, just not appetizing.
Unfortunately the chocolate was discolored and not up to standards. Love this when fresh.
I think this flavor was simply too salty for me
Too much package, very little candy. I should have seen this before I bought. Live and learn.
The package was cut open and then taped up.
Cute very small but 4 came broken, packaging needs to improve
A lot of small items, it is worth about what you pay for it
I know it has a lot of vitamins but that is all I could taste.  Yuck.
My product arrived open and there is a no return policy
Pretty blah. Not very spiced.
It came without a lid
Similar to Thousand Island Dressing....
Package arrived in an opened padded envelope.
The ballon kept deflating
When I get the box the nuts was in pieces and smaller then I though.
Small mint, slight flavor kind of chalky
This is barely different from sugar. Choose honey, if you like the taste.
Too expensive. Flavor is great. Not sure if it is working.
Had to do it twice
These are tiny.  I have never seen such small Slim Jims.  
The taste is ok. I just use it in my coffee but next time i will get the plain Vanilla one.
Heavy on the aspartame. Other than that it is OK.
A little higher in calories and sodium from some that i have tried
I have not tasted it yet but it did not come with the pump like it was supposed to.
This is saltier than salt. A tiny amount goes a long way.
Candy was melted. Flavor was very different.
I like this brand for skinless ,but skin on has a lot of scales
Very average, did not seem fresh.
Taste is like most pastas, but price is crazy.
Many suckers were broke
Bought for a coffee substitute but did not like the taste.
Does contain MESSAGE if that is a deciding factor for you.
Recieved this today and the sell by date shows it is a month expired...selling me expired product??
The taste is right, my crackers are broken though.
Too expensive and gives me gas.  The lemon is much better than the hazelnut.  Will not repurchase.
This is pretty tasty coffee, but it was just to weak for my tastes is all.  Will not buy again.
I like this product
I washed it first.May have washed smoke flavor away.
This product was 23 bucks a can. Shame.
Issues with dissolving! Info should be included in preparation
Empty calories, ingredients can give you the runs
My only complaint is that I wish they came in a smaller bag option.
The bag was a lot smaller than I expected for $15-$16!
Melted before I received it, would like to show pictures
the item is worth the value except the package was broken when arrived.
Not enough dark chocolate
This product is very flavorful but price is too high and portion is too small.
Smaller than I expected.
Would not order again as caused severe heartburn.
Some of the cans (2 I think in the package) had no gas whatsoever.
not too saltly as expected in dill pickle..do not think id buy again.
I loved the flavor but was surprised at how small the quantity was. Somewhat of a disappointment.
Kind of disappointed.  Not as good as the Twinings Irish Breakfast, but at least it is organic.
Pretty weak compared to Starbucks.  Have to use two packets per cup.
Too sweet... At least not for me
Did not taste like the canned pog I am accustomed to. Quite pricey for 32 ounces!
The beef is great, the pork is disgusting. I like pork, I do not like this pork its gross.
Smaller than I expected.
Product claims to have a recycling program but when you request recycling bags, there is no answer
Product came with sliced packaging. I am worried about this affecting the quality of the coffee.
Very pretty, was missing some gems but from far away you could not tell
Does not taste like wasabi but it is a tasty snack. I would buy again though.
What can I say the yeast was old so bread did not rise. What a shame.
Not enough for the price
It should have been the larger size for how much it cost. Will not buy from this vendor again.
bigger than I thought they would be
Not too practical. You can only choose from 4 types at a time.
Cookies arrived all clumped together as a lump.
This is what I need.
I would rather have something unsweetened.
I used this as a part of a thank you bag for Celebration for my aunt & uncle.
DO NOT SHIP CANDY LIKE THIS IN THE SUMMER  - YUCK1111
This is not sliced lunch meat. It is a pile of dry turkey. Save your money and do not order.
Does not really taste like white chocolate to me. It tastes like creamy vanilla protein powder.
Not tangy enough.  Adding citric acid helped, but just is not the flavor I was expecting.
... but for nearly twice the price per bar. No thanks.
It taste good - a little grainy on texture.  very small container for the price.
Hard to eat. Very earthy and fibrous.
Product has no description of country of origin (China?) or any labeling.
No fertilizer,no book,no humidity tray arrived with the plant.
It does not look silver when making a drip.
not enough pineapple flavor--tasted like a yellow cake
There are a ton of stems in this.
Did not like the taste. It was just meh 
Definitely needs to be baked in an oven. I tried a microwave and it was just too crumbly.
Found I was not real into the flavors so will not buy again. Not Good. Not bad.
There is a substantial amount of ginger flavor to this curry. It made the curry unpalatable for me.
The actual tube was also crushed.
Great candy. False advertising, no powder center.
Little too sweet. Little flat on flavor. It is ok
Not really for us
I counted and only 50 in the box
My two boxes came two days apart and both boxes were crushed but contents still intact
It is tasty but definitely not seedless
Not really huge, but was okay.  I have much larger ones from other companies.
Has a funky after taste not I was hoping it would be
Not much flavor to them. Haved them saved back for emergency use.
Expensive - otherwise fine.
The flavor is good but the melting/ foaming is poor.  Too expensive for the value
Not fond of this product.
every single can in this package is dented.
These did not come with the Banana ones like it says.
Good flavor but heavy on artificial dyes and preservatives.
Not fond of the flavor
Not much else to say, the green do not taste like the original at all.
One of the boxes was busted open
Too big. Need a mini version.
Not very flavorful,  big disappointment would not recommend. I have had way better
contents all over the box
Delivered creamy peanut butter instead...wrong item
does not advertise nuts not peanut butter
Much lighter overall, more white than pink crystals.  A little disappointed, but oh well.
Fast shipping but product did not work as well as I expected (for what I needed).
It tasted different than the same brand and flavor as the restaurant
I just did not like the taste and flavor of this sauce when using it for cooking
No pour mini opening, so have to remember that when pouring.
I found it a bit dry.
goes bad quickly in the fridge. SATUR or AeroFarm are better
Was what I thought it was.
I do not drink tea but the husband likes it...
$8 a box? Complete robbery.
Not enough flavor
I thought I order the none spice one. Buy it is spicy.
More like chicken noodle soup. Expected something like Chinese Noodles.
Not as big a package as I expected, and not as cinnamony as I expected
Not cinnamon enough for me.  Was looking for this to be like the keto churro made with pork skins.
This order did not seem to be as fresh as other puchases
Purchased as a gift. The nuts were rancid
This should be called NOT very sharp cheddar cheese. Not bad, but not extra sharp.
Entirely too spicy for me
Not much flavor other that super salty
Not what expected.  Had a synthetic taste
when they arrived 2 of the flavors had leaked outside of the package
They were smaller than I expected.
I drink this home made this taste was not the same
The size was right but it was tight I could not fit my arms in it
This product lacks the flavor one would expect.
Taste yummy, but makes the next couple cups of coffee have the same berry flavor.
Not impressed. They are just ok. I expected more veggie and less potato. Will not reorder this item.
It is okay, has an artificial taste.
Was not expecting the item to come packed as a bulk loose item.
Variety of flavors
"Liked the ""sugar free"" but was disappointed with the flavor."
Same taste of other bitter chocolates.
Many of the cookies were broken or separated from one side so the cookies were not whole
Product expires in 3 weeks. Not much shelf life left once received.
It is a shame these have chemical sweeteners.
They were tasty but overpriced based on the tiny size of the bars.
None of the flavors shown in picture
The Case came cracked and leaked all over package.
One of the bags was open and I had to discard.
Ok taste. I will try other products to see how they compare. I am not impressed by this one.
Chocolate was old
Not the best coffee, not the worst
mushy soft meat paste.
Was not a fan. Tasted too authentically of pepper.
It has a weird taste and smell. It is not horrible though.
Too tart for my taste.
Did not like the flavor
I was expecting a flavor explosion . Not so.
Had them for 1 day in the fridge and they were mushy. 2nd day moldy.
a bit runny and bitter
its a gift, not given yet
The flowers were lovely but delivered with a broken vase.
Not worth the price, cute for decoration only; basket not sturdy enough to hold minimum heavy items
Does not last wish they were bigger
Arrived with product opened and spilling all over the box.
I expected more for my money.  What I got was tasty but tough.
It should have been freasher
You have to take the time to peel them before you can use them
Box was resealed and bags inside had something like dust all over them.
Top of the bottle was broken. That is not good at all
Nothing wrong with the product just did not care for the flavor.  It was too sweet
I have one bowl left and have to say nothing has happened..... No improvements nada...
It is not bad for k cups I have had Worse
I did not care for the taste of this brand, but that is just me.
It was ok but what I really wanted is kettle corn. I ordered the wrong popcorn.
Little tiny pieces and some whole ones.  No problem for us but disclosing.
The description says 24 count, but there is only 8 of them in the pack.
Tastes too salty.
The flavor is a little different and puts people off.
should have peeled the tomatoes before canning !!!
Had a different flavor than I expected. Too artificial for me, but satisfied my curiosity.
The texture was very close to red meat jerky, but the flavor was not very good to me.
It has a strange texture like rubber
Only received 11 bottles not 12
Always come solid green. Cannot eat for a week
A few broken ones but still edible.  Taste is fine.
sold for less locally
These were not what I expected.  Too bad I bought such a large box.  Good thing my son likes them
I thought they would be bigger.  I have to eat two otherwise I get hangry.
I do not like this coffee, but my husband does
One of the packs was ripped and spilled all over the shipping bag.
Not as big as you think and not as soft
My daughter stopped eating it,
These have a bit of a waxy plastic taste. I will not be purchasing again.
Tea bag is not strong enough in hot water.
The actual amount of candy is a lot less than advertised.
Too pricey for the amount you get.
I did not like the flavor
This was just ok. Would not buy again. The pinapple flavor just is not great.
Was just okay Bland but not bad just not GREAT
The green tea did not have much flavor
Product packaging is not as it appears here, not the pink foil.
I feel like this does not taste like anything. Not sure it is real raspberry leaf.
The taste was not for me.
Banana muffin tastes so-so. Like the chocolate one
- I PREFER THE HAZELNUT-COCONUT BLENDA BY La Crema
Just did not really care for flavors
I will not buy this again because I did not taste a difference between the Kona blend and this.
Taste like sweet flax seed and quinoa, i usually have to put syrup to flavor it.
I prefer Manhattan Style clam chowder.
It is ok, could be cheaper. Slow shipping
They arrived smashed
Well not enough cheese flavor. Not enough caramel.
Outer jar was oily ? The jars were sealed well, just outer jars oily?
Did not fare well in refrigeration
This coffee did not meet my expectations. I want a full-flavored coffee which this coffee is not.
Something about this one I did not like. Thought I would, but NOPE. Strange taste to it.
The chocolate overpowered the inside. I could not taste the fruit cake.
Prefer Peet's coffee
does not rise above tasting like the can
Emm, not like what I ate in China
When is arrived it is melting
Took for ever to get the product. The cans were sticky , to the touch, had to scrub them
A medicine taste,  not for me.
Too expensive and very sweet. Definitely need milk to eat them.
Very small and expensive baking soda, but the shaker is awesome.
Guylian is the real deal this is a poor copy cat.
A lot of money for a jar and some spices.
need to cancel current order
Cheaper elsewhere
Brittle and dry on outside,  dog was tasty
A very expensive way to get collagen. They taste pretty good; the taste is like grape candy.
Not big enough for the price
These were just ok. They were kind of hard, and a little too spicy. Would not buy again. Sorry!
I dislike thinking I am receiving 4 packs and getting  one.
It works for seasoning, but you need to sort out stems.
WHEN I ORDERED IT SAID THEY WERE 3 NET CARBS......THAT IS NOT TRUE..........
74.50 for a 20 pound bag???? That is 5 Ztimes regular cost
I prefer the regular
The taste takes getting used to.
It tastes a little different from the same flavor in plastic bottles.
Cannot really comment since they were not for me but hardly touched in cabinet.
A little too spicy for me. I like mild heat
I know it is very subjective, but this is not one of the my favorites.  To me it is very bland.
So so hummus. Looks like Cedars but does not compare with Cedars - especially the organic version.
SIightly bitter to taste  buds.
Very sweet artificial aftertaste. Overpowers chocolate flavor
The nuts where not as dry roasted as other brands.
this loses too much flavor at anything over 6 oz.  and if you add anything to the cup(creamer).
Not what I was looking for
Something was different about the taste.
Not worth the price when you can buy equal at most local groceries
Cheerios box had creases in it like it was smuggled into the country...
Tastes good. Donut bits were unpleasant.
They are all snack size, not regular or even normal candy size.
Only got 2 of the 3 described. Packaging ripped inside shipping envelope
I was hoping for individually wrapped chocolates like I buy in the store.
This product is not organic! Misrepresentation!
were not very strong when you buy bulk must be different
Hey surprised the GF and were relatively cheap.  But not great quality
I like the fizziness and lack of calories
She Will is thick and whole nuts difficult. Good taste.
Arrived damaged, leaking and it is plastic not glass
They are just average. Good but not delicious.
This is alright. It does not really taste that great. It tastes like a mediocre generic brand cola.
I like the taste i open  one pack.Good  amount inside.
Tasteless without sugar. Get the ones with sugar or eat a piece of fruit. Fruit has more flavor.
It does taste like a chocolate brownie.  I use it for a snack in the midafternoon,.
The wafers were broken, more crumbs than actual wafers, unfortunately
They were pretty , but heads drooped on 3rd day , had to cutt off stems and place in shallow water.
Not to please for my product came completely in liquid form.
Did not expect the topper to be so small. The quality is good but the size was small
Have not used it.
Its ok, ill stick to getting my bulk snacks at costco
they were not fresh, I buy from a person in Turkey, there they are fresh..
It came oddly cut. It has struggled to have any new growth.
It did not taste like I thought it would.
What I expected.
packing was just okay. 2 spoons were broken.
We love these, but one of the packages was broken open on the side and went all over the box.
Hard cookies not my cup of coffee, need to stick with the soft ones.
It was not very chocolate
good syrup but too expensive!
Lots of stems...disappointing
Did not have the jasmine flavor was anticipating
The second one I ordered was busted in the package and did not have a cap.
Nothing bad about the product, but the taste of this poptarts arnt good in my opinion.
Was not a hit with the kids.
Almost all of the cookies was mashed and melted.
Extremely cheap looking.  Not a good value for the money.
I will use for sandwiches, salads, etc.
Shipping was prompt.  The monk fruit is sweet, but there is a weird aftertaste that I do not like.
Many of the boxes had smashed candies....very disappointing 
not a lot of taste
Very dry and taste did not meet my expectations
I ordered French Roast but this will do. Do not want to hassle with a return.
Product was sent with an expiration date of the month that it arrived.
Can arrived bent. Cost is similar at local grocery store.
I did not like the flavors at all.
Half the cans were dented and not just ones on the outside of the package of 12
It does not taste the same as the stuff I bought at the grocery store
They must have been last years peanut butter eggs because they were dry.
Not as mint flavored as expected
Not great but easy and filling
Gross, chalky flavor. Like a crushed tums tablet. Yuck
Not much different candy
This product was expired by the time it got to my house
Received item completely melted.  Cannot further evaluate.
NOT QUITE AS TASTEFUL AS GMO WHITE, BUT IN SPAGHETTI THE TASTE IS NOT AS NOTICEABLE.
I was surprised that these were flat and one-sided . Still made a pretty cake. Not really edible.
One can arrived bent
Open cups that are sticky with juice coming out
Only 50% of the egg hatch
You get what you pay for
Love Blind Dog Coffee but this has an expiration date of 5 months before my purchase.
I bought the variety pack and loved them! Unfortunately these have a tough skin.
Dent in two cans!
Taste like medicine as if something was added to the oil.
Not that good.  Need to add half and half with black tea. Just really watery
It is has too much vinegar for me and not enough flavor.
Smaller than what I thought I was buying...  Very flavorful but not worth the cost
They where a little on the hard side. Not as soft as I would have liked. They were not creamy .
Italian family tradition, moved to Canada. Take it however.
Did not really notice a difference between this and smartwater on my body.
Expected a stronger mocha flavor.  Left an after taste for longer than I like.
Only received 4 of 5 snails. The 4 are doing well and got a credit for the missing one.
Good flavor, but the noodles have a slimy texture that is hard to get past.
Ok. Kind of weak for my taste, tried it french press, percolated and double dose of recommended.
will try it longer before complete review using less than a month
a little bit sweet for me
Box was opened and squashed , looked like someone mailed me a used box of oatmeal
All 3 of my boxes came open at the end of each  box
I think the quality of the coffee is decent but the roast was darker than I expected.
Some of the mints were old, too hard to eat.
I was expecting the white no to show clerk at on the black icing, and it did not the color was faded
Not great, not horrible. Also not worth buying in my opinion.
These are very tasty, however with this order that was supposed to be an 8 pack only had 7. 
Weirdly bitter flavor. Filling and hot but not a repeat purchase.
It was good i am going to it was just small and did not last long.
Not like the Easter Egg pecan egg
Bit too cheesy for me but was not bad
The box was ripped apart and the eggs were not wrapped well and all of them were sticky
I got these by mistake and return them. I was looking for the licorice and peppermint
One of my favorites could kick up the flavor a bit!
I use this with my Ramen noodles.
Thought I would like this more than I do. Nothing wrong with it just a taste preference.
Ordered the one in water...received the one in oil.
Too strong for me. But others might like it. I just like weak lemonade.
The chocolate melted and I did not get an email when it was delivered.
Lid was completely busted
One egg was cracked
It was a little too sweet.
The flavor was alittle off. I do not think I will be trying this again.
This was too tangy for me but it does say vinegar based so it is probably  supposed to be.
These are not compatible with my Nespresso machine.  Now I am stuck with them. 
High caffeine level, but not a strong coffee taste
Did not really like the after bitter taste
The price seems high for this product. If cheaper I will definitely order again!
Breakfast coffee
Not the dried fruit expected.  Its candied fruit and much to sweet for me.  Sigh
A little too sweet, but tasty
Bag smaller than I thought
Taste was just ok and the quality of the bag not good as well.
The tip does not stay the way it is supposed to after a few use. Also the ink dry out very fast.
Beef Stew, should read, Where is the Beef in the stew....
I expected so much more but there was almost nothing in the bag and the flavor was very bland
Would give 5 stars if the bottles did not leak all over the box
Third shipment where one of the cans leaked and was empty.
Was purchased as a gift for a friend so do not know how she likes it.
"I was fooled by the No Sugar No Salt. Forgot to look for ""No Oil."""
Has an off taste, do not think I would buy again
I have seen this before with others. It said 24 packages when you order then you get 12
Useable and good but came all broken into pieces, not one solid bar.
But the chips taste like salted cardboard. I will reorder the chili tortillas but not the chips.
Just felt the flavor was inferior to boxes we have purchased before.
Only 4 candies in a bag for over $6 and arrived melted!!
Not what I thought it would be. Maybe it is my fault. Maybe I misunderstood.
It was alright, however my husband had me get a different salt.
Could not really taste much orange flavor, taste of unripe strawberries, that is about it.
Is not great tasting but nice to have a low carb Option
It does have after taste
Arrived with many cookies broken
The taste is not to my liking.
Make your tongue Black/Blue!
Jumbo fish sticks fall apart.  The outside is crispy and inside is gross.  No flavor.
Mix it with vitamin e cream and use it topically
Received on 3/25/2020 and it expires on 4/29/2020.
It tastes weird, but it is okay if you can get past the strange after taste.
I used it to try and unclog a toilet. did not work
Not much taste to this.
Too sugary for baby, but 6 year old likes them.
Made me feel sick to my stomach more than once, gave me really bad constipation. Tastes good though!
Only used it a few times but seems to do the job.
Ok but too dry. It was disappointing.
Not my cup of tea. {coffee}
The thyme overwhelms the sassafras flavor and aroma.
Tastes nothing like lemon. Regular tea with the word lemon on the box
Was not bad, but not great. Maybe I just do not prefer this type of sauce
Box was left out in the rain.  Other than that I would have given 4 stars.
will not order again.  Does not mix well.
It was too hard for me and I need gluten free bread.
Love the variety however most of the tea k cups do not work with my keurig big disappointment.
I will not be buying this again.
These beans are only 5 inches long and very skinny. Grade A is a stretch.
Very bland.  Too sweet.  Just adding some pepper or other seasoning would go a long way.
special,salt is salt,cocoa is cocoa
Unable to use because during shipping top arrived squashed .
Good coffee, not great. Not much aroma, flat flavor.
It is hard to judge these spices. It tastes fine.
Only thing needs to be in different container not everyone has a stove.
Has a weird taste but it is okay, more of a dark chocolate taste.
Needs more white Navy beans. No less chicken though.
Does not mix well and lots of carbs and sugar.
Mehhh they came kind of squished and poorly made mehh
the Button on one of the jars was popped up and I had to throw it out
Note: Fruit does not continue to ripe once picked.
I got the bottle it was expired when I got it
My wife likes this product but the 3 bottles we received had been expired 6 months ago.
Not real tasty but filling
I have to use alot of the drops to even taste it in a 16oz bottle of water
I got this for my fiance to try as a substitute for Mountain Dew. It tastes like Sprite...
I do like the bottle size
Nothing like mcds and smells 
"Just going to go with ""meh"""
I really do not care for the after taste.
Not quite the taste I was expecting.
Second order loved them the 1st time but second time stale and overbaked!
Pieces were cracked and broken,  mini oreos were missing.  At least the icing works good as glue!
Tasty but makes you sweat
Not my fave. Needs salt! Very blame. I prefer other brands.
Bags are smaller than those purchased in the store
creamy, but not much on fruity flavor
Just was not to my taste. A bit bitter
2018 yeast.  Still proofed.
Followed directions exactly, and there was not much flavor
Was not expecting Hanuka coins.
Not bad a little weak
difficult to use...went back to pre filled pods
I love Mount Hagen regular instant coffee,  but this decaf is not nearly as good.
only got two boxes out of six
plain cookies, nothing special only 6 in the box and not worth $4
Love the product. But bottom of container was broken, spillage in package.
The cookies had good flavor but they were very dry, as if they were stale.
It is taco seasoning without the thickener...
It tastes like whipped honey. I am not sure what is special. I cannot taste something different.
Every bag expires the 26th of this month! Just got it a couple days ago!
Do not care for the flavor
not lemon all the way though only on the outside
I want my money back now
The HOT is extremely HOT!! Hardly any flavor even the teriyaki one!!
Some of the bags barley had anything in them.
Quantity verses quality
Worked well the first few times then that was it.
It helps with inflimation
This is good but it seems to be quite expensive, it does not go far.  Will not repurchase.
The ad says 60 count ,box I got only had 49 count
Were not as tasty
These did not pop very much in the bag several were small and too hard to eat
Thought it was too watery.  Not enough taste to it
It is fine just not great flavor.
Finally opened. They are delish BUT THEY did not travel well - many ate broken & crumbly
Price to value ratio just was not there will not reorder
About 60% of these Triscuits lacked the stated seasoning.
Much more expensive then at stores, but mom likes them
Too sour/tart to drink!
I purchase this on Subscribe and Save, this bottle was not sealed
Not popular among kids so amount we had and the left over was fine.
50% twigs and stems and 50% leaves. Only $10/ bag so you get what you pay for
Fresh but expensive.
Much smaller than I imagined
Limited selection, and candy seems to have been sitting in the box for a very long time.
Seems like plain old white four to me.
I do not like that kind of mix with mayonnaise! I like plain chicken!
I assume the size was a normal stikc but it was to small
Has a bitter taste
Flavour does not last too long, but they are tasty.
Packaging is cumbersome. Pricey.
Box smashed, deceptive description, tiny packs
The strength is not as strong as their small size.
Not very flavorful. Nothing like the ones I purchase from my local Mexican Food shop.
Got what I expected but it should be cheaper
It was not all candy. There were meat sticks. It came in a plastic bag, not a box
The flavor is super yummy but the candy was definitely stale.
Very slight jalapeno flavor. Kind Of disappointing.
OK, too expensive
The blueberries were so tiny
The taste was just not there, for me.
Not fresh and over priced- however you cannot get them in any grocery store where I live.
This product is salt, it may vary well have health benefits, my intake of salt is limited.
The flavor was off it just tast like the protein powder it does not really have a vanilla tast
There were a few bad ones but overall they were good
smaller than i thought
Smaller than I hoped for and alright flavor...
I did not like all the cleanup I had to do
Jet fuel was so much better! Why did it go away!:(
Very small package. The description was not very clear as to how many pieces of candy there were
product box arrived smushed but, edible.
I expected the roast to be a little darker. This was just a tad too light for my taste.
Takes the edge off if you are craving bread type foods
Tastes great. Less expensive than the store
Just okay flavor.  I normally add hazelnut flavored creamer and it is less expensive.
I wish it was stronger
I was under the impression these strawberries would be larger than what I get in the store.
Not the equal of Nutella, but probably a healthier choice.
I got mostly cherry flavored suckers,  maybe 3 grape, 3 lemon lime, lots of orange
I expected noticeable flavor - there was  virtually none.
not a food stuff
Recieved package that was open at one end.......
Only got 1 can out of 6 that was supposed to come.
Did not care for the intense fake yellow coloring and product not mixed well.
Love this candy in general, but unfortunately these were pretty stale.
My inner package was opened! I received 94 packs not 100!  
I am not a fan - has an off taste.
Candys, that were spicy, were tasty like sand.
The flavor is not there
The taste is ok but it is very thin I AM GOING TO
my Cereal came all smash up
I did not like the flavor. I had to add different spices to make it tolerable.
much too expensive. The coffee tastes better.
Nice crunch to them. A little bland and lacking in flavor. Not sweet enough.
Not what I expected...the distinctive taste of was not to my liking...
Not a big dark chocolate flavor, taste
All 4 cans were bent.
It is ok not sure it is worth the money for such a small bottle. Does not taste like French vanilla.
Could not get to grow
I did not really like the taste of this product. Ugh
Wow, have these shrunk over the years! They are way smaller now!
We shared it for dessert,split 4 ways.  Enhanced by coffee.
Tasty, but crumbly to eat. Overpriced.
The gift card was not included in the package
It is ok, does not have much of a salt taste.  Sorta disappointed.
It was okay, Nothing to go crazy for.
Different taste. Was not fresh.
The tin came dented
Does not fully mix, stays clumped in tiny white dots even after thorough blending.
Was not the same pot, less developed than the one pictured
I am bummed out because nearly all my cans are bent to the point the will not open correctly.
Chips crushed in box
too bland, not enough spices
Sure hot sause is hot,spicey. but this left a bitter taste behind.
Quite large for small individual cake that I want to place it on
Change your picture and description. Picture shows standard ones but coated ones were sent.
Not as I remember it. This is very dry and the coconut almost a powder.
Liked and disliked. Just was not exactly what I wanted.
Coffee is bitter even with agave and oat milk added. Thumbs up for the echo pod.
Did not like the taste
Not sweet enough. I expected for the price for it to be much tastier.
This salt is very moist. I put it in a metal shaker and it actually rusted!
It taste like cardboard
Seems not to have the same gelling power as KNOX.
Only a little bigger than fun size. Otherwise taste as they should.
noodles taste odd and very grainy and dry
Very yummy. Just 1/2 unusable since it was broken.
These say they are nerds but they are not exactly nerds they are similar but not exact
Product over priced !
Not sure how this tea got any good reviews.  We love Chai tea but this has a terrible taste!
3 stars because its not a 100% organic.
Took too long to take it
Candy is hard and tastes old
Sorry bumblebee not as good as the tuna salad ,
I am just eating them for potassium.
Not all worked with my 2.0
One of the jars was leaking inside the packaging and had to be thrown away.
Does not really taste like butterscotch
Do not care for the taste
There was only 12 twix out of 240 pieces 
Theses are Really soft like gooey not very sweet and for me flavor lacked any intensity
The container was not sealed properly and there was a bunch inside the box
Taste and Freshness
I thought these tasted old
Expected them to be solid black but came with white outline. Took away from the effect wanted.
The chocolate is not fresh. Looks old. Not shiny and sweet smelling when you open one.
Over priced. Probably the name brand
Dented cans Cans that was leaked & empty
not salty enough
To salty and has a after taste in your mouth
Taste too watery. Flavor says Strawberry and Banana but taste like coffee/cappuccino.
Initial delivery arrived frozen so owner contacted me and resent two bouquets! Thank you
Not going to lie.... they all taste the same
That is it really. Too salty. Could not taste the other ingredients for all the salt.
Seemed rather old.
Same as the strips. Meh.
The candy bars were kind of old and stale.
they do not really work. Fun to try, but not for the price.
Not as strong as they claim to be. Mediocre flavor.
Was not impressed by these. Kind Of bummed. Will be sticking to my usual salted almond!
Cracker Jack of my youth, it is not
Some of the bulbs were crushed.  Not bad for the money, but not a wow bouquet either
Great for a prank but tastes horrible!
not as big of bag as it used to be.
Not what I expected
I only can used M&Ms for the Goodyear bags  because Snickers and Twix arrived melted.
I did not like the lightness of everything
not what I had expected to get
Expensive for so little chocolate but good quality chocolate
They were all melted together
tastes grt n like frm restaurant but the chemical notes after......
You have to give a little personal kick but its a great base.
Small portions and seem very salty.
This is potent which I like, but do get a glass dropper or you will be sorry.
It worked but did not really like the taste..
The product was good, but, the box was broken and the bottles were all over the outside box.
They were so-so.  Fixed in the air fryer.  Will search for a different brand next time.
I did not realize it was edible rather than steeping tea.
Some of the product crushed into crumbs.
What happened to the cherries?
Has a metallic taste, like they were canned.
Tasty but the packages are super small
Some of the onions were smaller than the other ones.
Carton arrived semi crushed
Chocolate vanilla Creams are ok. Those vanilla wafers hard and bland
It was exactly what I needed, they look perfect but they smell and taste AWFUL.
Quality not bad Price exceptionally expensive
The lid off the jar
The last two batches I Have gotten have turned moldy within 3 or 4 days.
I subscribed to save on  essentia water but the price keeps going up every month. smh
It definitely was not fresh. Hard a crunchy at first
flavor was bland and NOT sour
Product separated, as expected, but seemed too dry to mix it again. Tasty otherwise.
Not much flavor, could taste a bit of strawberry but no lemonade taste
It was a little dry without much favor.
I love Dukes but a bit expensive for the size
One of the 12 packs only had 11 cans ??  Please send missing can
I wish the fravor would be less oily but overall it was decent quality instant food
I wish they made NON-GMO organic versions!
A little to sweet for me
I do not know about this one. Seems a little sweet.
"Followed recipes.  Finished product rated ""meh'. Adding spices did not help."
Very weak for a light roast.
These are one of my all time favorites. I received them already expired!
They stuck together
Using it only once I really can'give a reliable review.
It was too acidic for me.  Got heartburn every time I drank it.  We are all different.
Make pasta with tomato
Tasted kind of stale
Does not seem to sweeten my hot tea as well as other low cal sweeteners.
It did not blend well with cold or hot water.  The flavor was ok.
you get about 1 serving size.  it was good but felt expensive.
I cannot remember the cheese being so salty
was not the quality i expected
Just buy a cheap aged cheddar, sane thing. This is super expensive, nothing special.
product not as describe.
One of the packages was damaged.
These are super small pouches and not very flavorful compared to the brand name ones.
Good but hard to chew. It was tough.
The box was obviously squashed. On bottle was burst open.
The Watermelon Water is normally what I buy. Depends on your personal taste.
My husband ate these but  did not care for the flavor
Perfect colors... HOWEVER, the red marker was way dried out when I opened it. Super disappointed.
Fairly good for artificial potatoes
MANY of the cookies were broken... but I ate them any way!
It is barely acceptable.
Wish it was overnight shipping
Could not use it.
Much richer than expected
"Advertised as ""chiclets"" but does not taste anywhere close to chicletsm"
Bag wax slit open. Cannot try. And for some reason this is a non returnable item
Way too sweet. Cut it with lime juice and water it down a little.
This chips are way too salty. I do not taste any crab flavor.
Nice variety of snacks, but disappointed that some snacks had expiration dates.
Not spicy enough.
The peanut butter is far too thick to spread it has good taste to it, but too thick for my needs.
Did not come with instructions
A bit flavorless and dry added a little more liquid.
I really like this product except for the fact the rainbow came broken
It was a little bit too sweet for my taste..
Cool product but definitely not as hot as other extracts.
Not worth $1 a square.  They are tiny.
Did not care for flavor at all
My gliders prefer my mixed stuff,  but works in a pinch
Flowers were pretty accept one flower was broken.
It is a bit too salty....
It was not the same as pictured it was banner style with two picks. We can make it work.
Taste is good, after it is gone ... i do not know but it feels like I still have bad breath.
Tasted a little different. I think it is a different formula from the bottle.
how do you review taco shells i do not know would buy agin
Convenient for children. Yet not as tasty
I received 6 bottles, however it state there should be 12, please update the QTY
Too salty for my taste.
Yum! But old so it stuck to the wrapper.
love these drinks but they are to expensive on amazon
No too bad, no my favorite one
Over priced. Thought this was gallon sized when purchasing.
Marshmallow is not tasty
Savory Beef Barley Vegetable like all other reduced calorie products is 'diluted' regular product.
Super cute but one of the suckers came broken.
not much for money,does not seem like coffee is in there.
Well the actual sugar was fine. The highway robbery of the price was WRONG
The taste is better than some other more expensive coffee.
I took this for my edema
Just was not for me in my coffee
Wets your whistle when you need to sleep.
Did not like container.
watch out this is a good product in a little tiny packet. my bad for not checking the weight..
Some of them were opened/unwrapped so that was disappointing but they are an ok chocolate
Tasted and smelled a bit off.
Too small and the only other alternative for fresh Basil on Amazon is nearly x4 times the price
Three stars because they came melted.
Not for me, the taste was not there.
You only get 3-4 pieces for $24
Not very sweet, first timer trying
The vinegar it is preserved in tastes worse the more you use them.
2 of 6 jars arrived with their vac seal tops popped, so I could not take the chance of eating them.
Has a good flavor however the heat is weak. No burn, no pain, little heat.
Not great, not bad either. Weirdly moist inside the package, but flavour is good.
I cannot give any opinion because I m not a baker the recipe calls for it
it works in an emergency, but I am not a fan of the taste
Delivered more than half of the sticks were broken
I like that the gluten free chicken broth is organic. This is a well made product.
Really no taste at all but really fun to make with my younger siblings.
Boxes were smashed.
One bag came open.
Tasted like a berry punch  mix with some red bull.
Flavor is good, but the cake is very dry. It is like stale angel food cake.
The actual tea box was all torn up
Used to get 40 in a box in a six pack for nearly the same price.
Sent as gift to an ingrate who never said thank you so I DO NOT KNOW how it performed. Spend chocolate
Misleading. Eyeball design is only on wrapper.
Did not care for the taste.
Tastes good, but impossible to grind because it has too much moisture.
Its no Goya! There are some ingredient differences, but in a pinch, it will do!!!
Not great quality, they required assembly and easily rip
coffee is great , but purchased  this in December and the price has gone up 20 dollars :(
It was not very sour at all
Good but way too expensive for what you get.
Dry Turkey but they ate it with enough gravy
Its not as expected its ok but for the price per OZ its not worth the time, effort or money.
I did not like the lemon cream in these cookies because it did not taste like lemon.
Some of these sprinkles are huge and very hard to eat.
These are not tasty.
These taste great but it was only like 6 in the package and I am so disappointed
I thought the price is too high for such a small item.
Price gouging ! Charged me  $32 for two bottles
Look at what the ingredients is!  Full of chemicals.  May be lower in calories, but not healthy.
The coffee does not seem to be the same as it had been before the change
Fruck your tailored data scrubs Azon. Go fish.
A little too sugary sweet for our taste.
I like this coffee but it is a bit expensive. If it was more affordable, five stars no problem.
All the 5 products, when melted worked as expected.
some of the flavors are kind of weird? different but with enough steffia I can drink it.
1/2 the time my kuwrig will not brew them.
was not as good as miller's cinnamon pear provides it was bland, not good at all!!
This made my stomach upset but it definitely works.
This item does not ship well. You cannot ship this cake with frosting. It just messes all over.
Tasted good, but expensive for what you get.
Did not much care for this one.
Do not expect the bottle to be full. The package inside only fills it half way. Not happy with that.
I did not care for this mustard. Has an unnatural taste I cannot quite put my finger on
Box it was shipped in was way too big. Case of seasoning was open.
Way smaller than expected!
I only like the hot mama pickles the flavor of the others is not good!
Love the Red Velvet but received Black and White Cookie in error.  Disappointed.
I bought this as a gift. recipient only gave it 3 stars.
Plant died from the roots up.
Did not like the taste of some of them
I like this product but it did not arrive on time.
This is a matter of personal taste, but much rather drink the Crema e Gusto from Lavazza
You can barely taste the lime. Needs to be stronger.
Just ok.  It tastes like Peanut Butter but I was nto crazy about the texture.
OK. Not strong enough for my taste, but not at all unpleasant.
I prefer Fontana White Chocolate Mocha Sauce
so small and broke easy
This must be an acquired taste I personally did not care for it I did not see any benefit
No fizzy taste at all or the bite that ginger has. Just a flat fruity flavor for your water.
Thin and flimsy but very nice.I spray painted it white.
My chocolates were kind of stale
Came thawed out & melted.
It was supposed to be (2) 24 packs of the water, because that is what I paid for.
No matter how many drops I add it still is not super red. Not impressed for the price.
One of the bottles arrive like a mess  and it is not the first time I had this issue
I did not find it sweetened my coffee or anything.  Plus my tongue felt strange after me
With mixed reviews, I tried and agree taste is plan and no jalapeno flavor at all.
Product expires within a month. Be careful when you order this.
Vegan meat but not vegan cheese
The boxes were extremely small and expected a bit more for the price.
Was not my cup of coffee. I thought it was too burnt and bitter even for a Colombian coffee
product came crushed
Neither the slim Jim or the cheese tasted as good as expected.  Disappointed will not reorder.
These thing did not live up to my expectations.
Taste is okey. Not as aromatic as Callebaut, maybe because it is been repackaged.
Decent tea, but leaves a bitter after taste, would not buy again.
Plain coffee had to add vanilla,cinnamon,sugar to enjoy it.
Bring back the regular salt and get rid of the sea salt.
Mostly good but unless you live for olives the bb oh is awful
It is very liquidy. I do not really like the taste but with still eat it.
They tasted good but the second layer are broken and messy.
Only plus is the ingredients. Packs on everything else.
Just tasted a lil expired
This was awlful the color was no where near a coral.
Not as bold as green mountain reserve sumatra
Cans leak in heat
These seeds have large shells but the seeds inside are tiny. much smaller than expected.
Not an item I would purchase again.
Sticky stuff all over the packages.
Personally they were to salty.
There was not much flavor.
This achieved the effect I wanted, but you had to use a lot.
Flavor is okay, but texture is lacking.  Not great
Tried these in my nutribullet smoothies and they did not grind up well.
Easily the worst flavor v8 energy, but sometimes the price is right
Who picked out these flavors?
Hard as a rock. Ad said SOFT so did the -package, but they were real tooth breakers.
a bit dry.  Not enough filling. Meh.
Very salty I will make plain rice and add it.  To cut down on the salty taste.
It tastes like I added stevia to a diet soda.
Was not what I expected. The flavor was a bit week
The taste from the container tastes ashy. I did not like it.
Did not like the flavor.
Ok tortillas but Burrito size should mean much bigger. Compare to trader joes flour tortillas
i found it did not disolve well
Bland, really had to add flavor to it
Did not care for taste
Product is about to expire and I just got it!
Not as tasty as the honey roasted products from Krogers.
I wanted to like this since it has simple ingredients but it was So salty! Will not buy again.
Wish they were not salted.
Did not meet my desired expectations.
product have short date
Grandkids loved them until they ate them.  Then spit them out. Said they taste weird.
As a person with a yogurt eater this yogurt brand sucked in favor and taste.
The flavor is ok do not last long and the chicklets are hard at first
Product. Arrived with most biscuits broken
Not the flavor we were wanting.  The roast is good, but there is a weird bite to it.
They wernt the mini eggs . I got the big ones . Do Not like them as much
Standard pop tarts decent price.
You only get like one color
Yep just like I remember how Avinger when they gave us these during school exams
I like trying new and different flavors. I did not like that half the package is regular coffee
Nothing special.  Just ordinary coffee taste.
PRICE IS A LITTLE TO HIGH.
These seeds were big and all cracked opened, just not the type I was use too.
Opened up a bag to find the bag was mostly empty.
Can only use for baking
Probably will not buy again.
Food and it had a   taste to it
would not purchase again
When were these veggies canned, in 1982?
Do not like the tomato sauce.  Some fish scales  Were still there.
there is no spice to this?
Outside box was crushed ,product inside was not damaged but bothersome to the eyes!
Tiny bag of Reeses for over $7 bucks! Pay attention to weights on products.
ALL cooking instructions are in Thai  Amountof h2o to use is incorrect
This product was old dry
All of the boxes were slightly open (as if the glue was not strong enough).
Too sweet for my taste, but I did not leave any in the jar so that cannot be bad :-)
I could not taste the tea. It seemed flavorless
I am stuck with this it will not work in my machine. I opened it so I would not think of returning it.
I love the product, but the rice cakes got broken up in transit.
They simply lacked taste.
The berries are alot smaller compared to places like nuts.com
Kind Of hard not fresh
The only con is that smells like rancid oil.
Package came without any blue raspberry or lemon.
Salt overwhelms cracker flavor
No grapes.  No nuts.  What is the deal!?
I prefer my sour belts to be soft over hard and stale, but overall this was a pretty decent deal.
Spicier than expected
Just not that flavorful. Not worth the extra expense in my opinion.
NO FLAVOR, ALL HEAT
The roses were extremely tiny and half of them fell off the stems.
Still raises my blood glucose.  Cannot use them.
You seem to have to use a lot to get any flavor so it does not end up lasting very long.
There was no Butterscotch in my Bag
The bottle arrived dented ( not leaked)
I did not want tuna in oil. Water, yes
It is middle of the road
I purchased these because they reminded me of my childhood. I just wish that they were larger.
The seasoning was not what I expected.
Was not very impressed , it is ok but I will not buy again, some of the flavors I had to throw away.
Has a plastic taste to it but it took drinking it every day for a week or two to notice
Did not  really care for the flavor
It was not Sevruga but it did the trick.
These are the long thick sticks.  Taste is on the hot side.  I prefer the smaller pepperoni.
arrived as promised
I found a recipe that called for that.
This product was not as chewy and flavorful as others, also it was smaller sized.
like the flavor but the price is high, why are the other lower in price?
Not the same taste as prior orders.
This was a good flavor but very expensive.  It was $7.85 for one can!
I needed the fairies to be multiracial instead of all caucasian
Good tasting sesame oil that is difficult to find locally.  Has a bit overpowering taste, though.
The ring pops seemed old and some were deformed as if they were previously melted.
Good product but way too expensive.  Cheaper similar options in any major grocer.
tasted good, came missing a few so I do not plan on rebuying.
Unknown was a gift
was a little dry, to much dough not enough filling
Package and taste
Raccoons got it and destroyed the product.
The taste is rough .. If you can get the taste they actually do the job
One bag arrived opened and contents spilled inside packaging.
I drank this product. Was I supposed to do something else?
BJ's sells this product.  You get 40 pops for $11.99.  Just an FYI to all!
I get the white bag Banlangen Keli which is full medical grade and only give $2.99 locally.
The container was cracked and sticky syrup was over the container.
These are very little cans, like red bull sized. That was not obvious when I ordered it.
I was not impressed with this smoked salt. I actually use the plain Maldon salt more.
The product only came with 10 packages instead of 12 in the box.
Only two of the varieties tasted fresh.  Not worth the extra money I paid for.
Disappointed, not as good as the regular size bars.  Not enough peanuts.
Not worth $20. Much smaller than pictured.
I do not like the peach/ginger Bothers my taste/stomach
Stick with the regular, it is amazing. This one has a fake maple flavor and it is almost gross.
The spices were covering up the meat game I barely was able to taste the actual meat
"Tastes a little odd, the similar from Whole Foods are less ""fishy"". Seems a bit overpriced."
Product was lacking in taste.
gave it a try, will not be reordering
My personal taste I did not like it at all other people I know use this all the time
Do not buy it dose not glue anything i eventually result to using shortnen to glue my fondant pieces
Most of it usually come broken in pieces.
Package is only half full.
The colors are not at all as pictured.  They are all dark but still useful.
No flavor to me  I like J D but will not buy these again
Do not grind as easily as black peppercorns, mainly because they are much softer in nature
I think it leaves an aftertaste that detracts from the overall taste.
Flavor could b stringer. Bought for emergencies, but will go back to instant oatmeal.
Just a regular cracker....
fresh but the taste is not great.
Great product. Problem was, it was open when I got it. That sucks. Waste. Come on man
Will try it later can reuse the bottle later shot glass like
This was a little tough but ok for my horse.
First couple boxes were fresh and soft, but the last couple I have opened have been a little dry.
chocolate tasted old.
When I order this product, it is a case, not one six-pack.  Rip off!
Not exactly like pork rinds (of course), but decent enough.
These are not chewy in the slightest.  I went to chew and it broke clean in half!
Not very pungent. You have to use too much.
The color of the item is off and for some reason you cannot return it.
Outside box was opened, did not appreciate that!
Instructions on Label were incorrect.
Only has 26 pieces
Thought they would be chew. Not very lemony for a lemon lover.
needed mini sticks wraped
yes they are good but...... not worth the price. Went back to plain old maraschino cherries
We prefer the spearmint.
The containers are great for storing Crayons , Barettes, etc. The flavors were horrible
not crazy about the flavor and not much for the money
Did not like a couple of the flavors
The product is fine, but a bit expensive for what it is.
Not like it used to be
Not a very pineapplish flavor. A little too sweet. Edible.
Lots of cinnamon taste
It was too salty
Cute, but too thin. Just the time to take a picture and it breaks apart...
This tea is the bomb! !..ill be back to update in a week. ..2 pounds in 5 days...lol
Upset that does not have a plastic lid to cover after opening
Jar came partial opened so a bit on outside and in box. No a lot of flavor when put in recipe
It has a really fake peach taste. Not particularly appetizing and appealing.
Has a funky taste. I do not know kind of artificial .
just ok----neither my wife or I would but it again
It is definitely not what I am used to
Clumpy in anything other than a hot beverage
Love these they are my favorite but they were all melted :(  when the came in.
not alot of filling
The taste is alright.
definitely not as good as a regular hot pocket but it gets the job done
Very thick and super hard to be ite and chew.  It was like bricks and no ot be a good flavor.
They were staled
Good quality, but, too expensive.
Two of the boxes looked old and smashed.
Arrived on time and they were fresh.  But I did not like this flavor or Pez. Odd taste
So-so sweetener but it needs refrigeration after opening...a no go for my needs'
Hey, it is just vinegar!
These were better and at least were not mushy
I like that it is a natural product but the bottle was smaller then i thought
I prefer Columbus salame secchi
Sticky, melted, and stuck to package
A drink that you have to get used to as not as sugary as our sodas.
Coloring is not what I want
Thought the bags were bigger
Much smaller than expected!
Can bean what is tin canned. These re prime beans and convenience
Half pure half sauce many deer enter cans but no leaks
One of the jars lid loose spilled oil all over the bubble wrap! Have not tried product yet.
Smaller than expected and crushed chips.  Will buy from Sam's Club next time.
I ordered Archer Farms Coconut Macaroons and got Archway instead
Bottle was wrapped in bubble wrap, but cap was loose and bottle leaked.
It had a weird overwhelming sugar alcohol taste that took over.
A little sweeter than I like, not enough tea flavor
Liked the flavor bit expensive but had not found anywhere else
I thought going to be a little bit more crispy opposed to hard
candy was a little stale but great variety for my homemade Easter baskets.
Love the product, Product from this seller was WAY too expensive.
Why does not this tea have gold seal as displayed?@
It was ordered because it is ravioli. What else can be said.
The tea is fresh, but it does not last three refills. The flavor is lost in the second refill.
They all taste alike
I like something soft, if you same as me do not choose it
Ok tomatoes.  Expensive for the number of tomatoes.  Too much juice.  Will not reorder.
Just did not quite have that flavor I was looking for. A bit on the spicy side.
Strange after taste, but did the job.
Too much fat and not lean enough!  Half a pound out of two pounds of meat was fat and thrown away!
4 times 6 packs of 20 gram bags.  NOT 40 gram bags as per the question answer.
Needed for seasoning which is so hard to find. Guess that is why it cost so much
There was not a single Twix in the entire bag!
Wow! Love the product but hate the price. Found this at an organic foods grocery store way cheaper
Pumkin flavor was very mild and the artificial sweetner was strong
This product is titled beef jerky and is miss leading
The box and products were crushed when we got them.
Its very over cooke taste burnt and hard. I will never recommended to buy a big  28 oz.
Size seemed different than pictured/
These were a gift. Recipient said they tasted slightly stale but were a nice idea.
Okay product, but somewhat stale and crumbly.
Bags are smaller than I expected. I will wrap them in a nicer box since it is a Christmas gift.
I like to mix it with Arnica Mexico to maximize pain relief!
I will not order it again.
Not enough yogurt bites
I decided to stick to the fruity hi chew
I do not know what the flavor is. It was not ice tea.
Different taste than I am used to but works in mixed drinks
The majority are decirated condensed milk sweets, NOT Brigadeiro. Will Not buy again
Very average. Nothing worth raving over.
NOT A PACK OF FOUR. DO NOT LISTEN TO THE DESCRIPTION
I found these cookies to be dry and they have a strange after taste. I would not buy them again.
Pretty dry for the price
There is only directions for using the entire 5 lbs or half the bag - nothing for smaller batches.
Smaller than expected. Marble sized instead of jawbreaker sized.
I was hoping for the taste of the Frenches onion rings, these are not at all the same.
No comparison to Dunkin Donuts flavor just is not there.
This box literally last only 24 hrs in my household once its been open!
It is not bad but, sorry in advance for this, just not my cup of tea.
The flavor is just not for my liking.
I wish they were little bigger bags
The flavor is what I expected, but as others posted, they are very...hard and chewy...seem old.
Not enough filling.
Pricey but tasty.
Great numbers.... very difficult to spread!
It was quite a while before it ripened sufficiently to start eating.
Dry tasting,  not the same flavor as ripe mangoes
Think cotton candy pink.
Very, very dry and crumbly.
This was a GIFT!!!
Did not like the gummy after taste.
Tasted great but half the bags were very stale.
Like eating jellyfish. Will not buy again
More than 50% of the cookies were broken. Too loosely packaged.
We did not care for this at all. Not flavorful at all.
A few of the flavors are very strong. The pink salt smells of fish.
Some packs were smushed and leaked into package
It is crystallizing into sugar.
all that was in the jars i opened was nothing but skin mixed with bones.
My deliveries this month with kale has been looking a little yellow
Super heavy and small
Broke before I got to use it.
Bags are smaller than anticipated.  Is cheaper in larger bags from grocery store.
It is good but tastes nothing like the full salt version. Disappointed.
I have had better.  This tastes weak or stale, regardless how much is used.
Had a lot of breakage resulting in a lot of lil chards
not creamy enough
Paid for 24 packs, only got 23.  Seems to be the trend.
TOO SPICY FOR MY TASTE
It is ok, not a great tasting chocolate. For the price, I would not order again.
Mild. Not rich. Somewhat watery.
Not as coated as I think a praline should be.
I have not used this spice yet but was surprised that the expiration date was 2022.  Seems short.
This is a very average cookie, that really needs milk to enhance the cookie eating experience.
Not too bad, but many broken pieces.  Otherwise ok
Tasted waxy....I know, weird. But it is true.
most of the bags so far have a couple stale chips in each bag
There is barely any flavor
Some came open in the package
I ordered this size because we read that it was supposed to come in glass bottle. NOT!
Sugar leaks out of the bottom.
Lots of peanut...
Goes from green to brown fast.
I did not like the taste. Looking for a comparable to this?
A little too much oil, not enough flavor.
Not what I expected.
Good but has a fake cherry taste
Like because has a wood smell !
would not buy again
The syrup is ok, not great, but the bottled leaked from the seal under the cap.
I personally did not care for it.
I was not expected product that small.
Actually bought for my cat who loves salmon.  She walked away from it. Its very dry.
My daughter did not like the taste.  I did not really like it too much either.
My favorite flavor.  Unfortunately the price doubled, so its not worth it anymore.
It was just like what I ordered.
Larger bead than other flavors
Sorry, I am a big fan of chocolate covered cherries, but I did not like as a hot cocoa
Lasted one day before the brown spots attacked.
did not notice any difference when using this product
Produces a lot of ash/dust.
Definitely not my favorite. Not much flavor & the texture is different from regular licorice.
Not as big as I wanted. Some were cracked. Live and learn.
Did not really notice any healing factors
Amazon always makes something look a different size than what it really is.
A very poor substitution to the real thing. Glad  I only bought one.
Sort of like corn puffs but salty. Not bad, just not very interesting.
Certainly retains the taste of watermelon. Was a little too leathery texture for me.
Keep ordering when runs out not sold in area
This product has a somewhat medicinal taste
Did not like the taste. Will not buy again.
Love the flavor but too expensive
It was smaller than imagined
I love these. They are great for a breakfast on the go but they all arrived broken. So disappointed.
The color is very deep. But the favor not good as many other brands I used before.
The box was crushed and the packages inside.  Will not order again.
Trick or Treat sized boxes
Not enough for the price.
I only received 9 of 10 vanilla beans that I purchased.
Not terrible, but also not great.
Cardboard frame looked beat up with a sketchy small hole near an outer corner
Should not ship with bounce dryer sheets. Cornbread absorbs the taste/scent.
I always love green tea but I do not like this particular stale taste
Smaller than I expected for the money.
Too soft to stand alone even after I modify it.
Not much flavor, it is the first I have tried of low carb so I was not sure what to expect...
Very flat in taste, I was dispointed.
The flavor was ok. Nothing special. I did not like the half hard half mushy texture of the olives.
MUCH smaller than the picture shows.
It was out of date. I did not realize it until I tried chewing a stick of it.
The texture is grainy.  It is not the sugar that is grainy but the candy jelly itself.
as I expected as my French friends all use it.
Item was as advertised
One bottle was leaking.
The only thing I did not like was the fact that 4 of the 6 cans were dented.
These are not cans.  They are shelf stable cardboard boxes (asceptic packaging).  I prefer cans.
somewhat bland without much bacon flavor
Love the candy but no good when they are all broken, only one or two were all in one piece
The flavor was good. Reduced fat but i thought it was to expensive. Will not be ordering it again.
Like the health, miss the salt.
Chicken tasted great, broccoli was very bitter and rice was plain. It was ok.
Very hard and mostly one flavor.
Would recommend!
Opened & one missing! And I gave a large tip before I discovered the missing bar!
office staff seams to like it
Received today and expires today!!
There are 6 milk chocolate, 6 dark chocolate, and only 4 white chocolate
Had to add spices to get any form of heat. Not totally unexpected from an agricultural product.
Had to throw this away because it was delivered open and moldy
they were melted into a glob when I received them
the flavor is not as it use to be, in the 70's
I thought they would  be bigger.
VERY LIGHT OIL BUT MESSY CONTAINER.  IF NOT FOR THE MESS PROBABLY GIVE FIVE STARS
It was pk to drink once but not really what I was looking for.
Taste good...but SO many broken pieces and 1/2 nuts.
Product was not high-quality to me.
Taste a bit bland and is far to runny. Not my fav.
Super tough. If you like gas station jerky this is the one for you. Hot gets 2 stars, teriyaki 3
Not spicy at all.
The flavor of this product did not wow me.
I did not realize that these are not corn husks
They were melted and stuck together when they got there
I tried these, then switched to another brand that used fresher beans.
"Still uses ""soy"".  So it is like Chinese soy sauce with the amino acids."
Wow! the coffee is really strong. It gave me a headache after drinking only half of my cup.
It is fine, not great. Still looking for the organic bean that has the flavor I crave.
I love Jif Almond Butter but this had totally separated and the price was not great either.
Bag is smaller than it seems it should for price
The quality of the tool box was less than I expected but it made a cute Valentine Day gift.
For regularity. I am old and constipated because of pain medications. Brazil nuts help me go.
No bite and must be room temp for any flavor at all.
Not too bad. Would prefer something with a more peanut butter flavor to it though
good but not great!
This bought back my childhood. Only gripe some were out of the packaging.
It was as expected.
Had a fishy aftertaste.  Will not order this brand again.
The chips were all in tiny pieces!
came in an open box not bagged or sealed!
Product is lacking flavor of the fruit.
Will not recommend these as they were sold just before the expiration date.
Not marked as certified organic.
product arrived damaged--two cans were leaking (from the side, curiously)
Tastes like miracle whip but less sweet
Coffee did not have a flavor that was described in ad.
These are the bomb.  It definitely helps with the stomach illness.  Thanks
Did not like this at all.
The chocolates had obviously melted and re-formed inside the wrappers.
Liked product but a little expensive.
Tree started and then died
The flavor is mild and had few almonds.
It was okay, but at that price, would not buy again.  Ridiculously expensive!
Yummy flavor lasts about 30 seconds.
Not so fresh and lots of broken pieces. Found cheaper and fresher from another source.
Almost completely flavorless
Large and regular mixed. I keep changing this review as I go through the container.
I like to share these with others
Really tasty but i only got 8 pieces of Bacon which was really sad because they are sooo good.
I recommend this but. Delish and filling. I would buy it again
Upon arrival most crackers were broken upon arrival.
My wife likes it though
Weird plastic with a little salt? Bizarrely unflavored for a cheese.
Most pieces were very sour which tells me that the fruit was not very ripe
This is not for mbongo, there is a different one for mbongo.
So far I think it gives my husband the energy he needed.
absolutely different taste as I expect. Eatable
Product was lacking salt!
Package split open
recieved producr but packaging was squished just wanted to let you know
It was not the taste I expected or was used to. I would not order it again.
not enough of the flavors like 3 each-boooo
Ok honey a bit expensive!
One  f the two cans was deeply dented
I like the product, but can get the same at my local City Market for a LOT less maney
this did not work in the Lobster bisque like I wanted.
Not as much flavor as I was expecting. Abit of a let down
The bag did NOT reseal.
Sour!!  I prefer sweet.
You do get a lot for the money. The flavor was a 1 on a 1-5 scale.
Although stevia is natural it has a bitter taste! Will not buy again.
Prefer a spicier, hotter wasabi, ones with mustard and horseradish.
Not taller as aspected
Very bitter tasting for a medium roast coffe, would not buy a second time.
Not that spicy but like it
Many of the packets were not full or completely empty
One of my bottles came open.
Lots of cool snacks but quite a few taste almost the same
Bought the case as a gift. Am told many cookies were broken in package. That is a shame
It is not true you can buy them directly from Nespresso for $.55.
This product was packed with other items and many kernels were crushed.
Very weak tea, tastes more like green tea.  Going to try a different manufacturer.
The mix is a too sweet. Having to add some milk powder to tame it down.
Bars fall apart easily,  which makes it hard to eat
Purchase was as described. Flavor was alright.
I WOULD GET IT AGAIN
Not much filling
Okay, a little weak, I like Uncle Lee's other Oolong Tea better
Was this supposed to be vacuum sealed?
It did not have much of the sour sop flavor
Just smaller than expected for the price
It taste good but a little on the expensive side.  Can be purchased from other places for less
Product spoiled not long after opening 
A couple were broke when they arrived. But work well.
I counted them. My package only contained 94 packets of Coffee Mate... Boo on you...
Not what I expected
Not a fan of eating anything processed in China.
Too sticky maybe from shipping to my house
Not the same as Starbucks which was what I was missing.
It was all melted.  Yuk.....
They look purple not black
Some arrived melted and discolored
These are okay, but I had ordered Lancaster candy and was a little confused when these arrived.
lots of crushed pieces.
Actually .2 lbs.
I was in a pinch so I thought I would try it, but there is not much flavor.
Flavor is way too tart
Good size , good taste but sadly each package had broken egg in three different orders
Not very flavorful.  Last time I ordered this item the container was larger for the same price.
Box came with 2 missing cookies. Was supposed to be 12 and only recieved 10.
This is supposed to be bbq sauce? LOL But all joking aside. It is very thin, has a weak bbq taste.
Did not like the bitter taste of this coffee.
Tin is cool, shortbread is delish but the amount of product is not worth the price tag.
They are SUPER green. Takes 3 weeks to ripen!!
A Fodmap version was substituted for my request
Not a fan of this taffy.... the texture is softer than like. Would not purchase agsin.
I found the taste of this blend to be somewhat bitter.
Some packs only one cookie inside
Some melted during shipping.  Tasty but could not use some of them in May baskets.
not the quality expected compared to other extracts available out there
Flavor lacks, too dense, had to add vanilla or almond extract to make flavor tolerable
Too much water not enough fruit
This is how much you actually get in one bag.... SMDH
not what I expected but was my fault. did not read it very closely to see it was just powder
Not really a dark roast coffee flavor
The slice I received was 20% cake,  80% cream.
The toolbox was a little flimsier than I hoped but over all not bad for the price
Refreshing, bit expensive compared to other drinks. Definitely nothing special.
a bit over priced
Granola ok but not outstanding.  Not much in chunks after shipping
The slices are dense and thick.  Makes for a very bready/cakey sandwich
Very dry. Too gritty. No taste
It was too watery
Price was way off.
They are rather small and many came broken.
The gold is yellow, not gold
I thought this was supposed to make 12 cups, but it is pretty weak.  I have to use less water.
This bacon does not seem to crisp up as well as other brands.
Flavor is okay but very hard to chew and not much inside the package
Did not see or taste a difference between this and the  price Orville Redenbachers
Half the bags were poped and had no air in it, so do not even know how long it has been open sealed
It is way overpriced; works moderately well.
Decent flavor, but I prefer a hotter variety, though I have not found any such recently.
Did not like alot of the flavors and was not spicy at all
Chia seeds loose in box
Ordered this got a Paul Newman coffee blend.Not 8 of the clock brand It is what it is I guess
I did not like it.  My son with autism loves it though.
Not much flavor.  Cans are too large (16 oz).
Decent rice. But not a true basmati. Grains are way too short.
Taste like cardboard. Very dry. No one  will eat them. But you get alot for your money.
A LOT WERE SPOILED
Not what I expected.
Too much salt but well enough a general purpose seasoning.
What I expected.
Not as buttery Taste as thought would be?
Very little flavor in these dried figs, unfortunately. Will keep on my search for delicious figs.
It is smaller than the palm of my hand. Overpriced
Could not use it was all over the box
Very mild taste.  The can is very hard to open if you have hand problems.
I was foolish to purchase a snack with chocolate that melts!
Small bananas but very flavorful
not a lot of flavor
Priced like a convenient store
Too bitter. Now I want to cancel future deliveries.
Ok - not great. Wish they would package all licorice pieces like they do with other flavors.
Not horrible, not great.
I am not sure it was light roast like I asked for.
Some came smashed open
It seems to be the same product as ice cream topping.  And that topping is about 1/3 of the price.
MiO is okay, not great.
Does not really have a blueberry taste
Was not what I thought it would be. Tastes like a cheese flavor
They was smaller then I thought
It seemed a little weak. I love Donut shop flavor. This did not seem to have that kick.
The cookies were more expensive than the same quality and less amount
The jar did not last long...a few Christmas baking projects and it was gone.
WOULD NOT ORDER AGAIN AS THIS PRODUCT HAS NO FLAVOR
Flavor was not as intense as I remembered. Small bag for the price
The taste is good, but the price is too  expensive for tea.
Stronger than I remember?
Average.  IMOH, Not so hot (although hot is relative)
I failed to read the fine print it is only one biscuit. Pricy
Loved these at first but got sick of the flavor eventually!
Not the best nor the worst peppermints
Love coconeks but these are really too expensive
I would not offer these to guests.
Pricing is all over the place. Keep it simple.
The flavor was great, but these are NOT royal blue at all.  Very disappointed in the color.
Way over priced for what you get.  .  Will not buy this again
I did not like the flavor or texture of this
Just bought this in 8/2022. The product is already 2 years old.
Nice tea, but not individually wrapped and have no strings.  Awkward.  Will not buy again.
The no sugar added is a bit misleading.
Paper stuck to candies.  Cannot remove all of it from the candy.
Smaler then expected.
Too often my Keurig thinks the pods are not compatible
It came like it had been in the heat and was sticky.
"They are tough like ""fruit jerky""  The flavor is good but not sure would order again."
Fruit was over ripe.  Appearance was as if fruit was left out. Bartlett pears were soft.
Needs refrigerated. For internal use (I use it in cooking), otherwise it stains skin orange.
Much smaller then expected.
Decent coffee, just decent.  I will not order crazy cups again.
Flavors are fine. Disappointed in the  size. I thought they wound be the normal size TRPs.
The coffee tasted watery to me
I do not really like the flavor, it is too thick for me. I did not expect high calories.
Bit bitter.  But is truly 100% crushed strawberry.
The package should read rolled oats not flakes so as not to be misled
"Tasted OK, but seeds are ""white"".  Not sure why, but a little disturbing."
Plastic seemed old. Everyone single one torn so far rips the other open.
Not same level of quality as those purchased in local store not sure why
Sardines are soggy and mushy
Way too sweet and thick
I would prefer a roasted pecan version that is not deep fried.
I did not like the flavor
They arrived in crumbles
Frenchie spellin makes all gourmay food betta!
Fresh strawberries were past their prime and some were mushy.
Ordered strawberry. It is a strange flavor
The coffee taste amazing,love the flavor
Not really my cup of tea...
Good quality but found it hard finding gum balls small enough so currently using it for peanut m&ms
I found cheaper prices in local store and moor quantity and quality
Some of the pieces have sand on it !?
The coconut chips were Clumped together when I received.
My 12 year old did not like it. Says it was too salty. It is not buttercream  . It is vanilla
Too thin but flavor is ok
I do not like the fact that it has any caffeine in it.
Pop Tarts were good but arrived crushed and broken.
Product came with a totally smashed box.
almonds were too soft and not much flavor to candy coating!
Has added sugar in it. Try the Zico brand
Does not really have a truffle taste
Not what it used to be.
A couple of the strawberries were rotten
I really like the flavor of this popcorn but the bags are so much smaller than I anticipated.
Every can was dented when it arrived. Will not order again.
Broken bottles! While it smelled great, it was a mess, broken bottles and sauce all over.
Photo shows a Starbucks label but product I received said something else
The prunes are really good but they are so expensive!
Very tiny pieces.
Costs way too much for such a small amount.
The bag had a hole in it. So probably will not order this way again.
A little bitter but not bad for the value
Cannot mix into cold coffee - if coffee sits for awhile there is seperation. Tastes OKAY
They are ok, expensive though.
I probably will not buy it again - The package was half full and not much for the money.
Bit of an aftertaste.
It did the job but the bottles are not practical. They leak.
The flavor was too charry.
I did not find the jerky moist enough and the  flavor was nothing special. Average jerky
Delish! Sucks to see the price inflate so much, these are tasty!
It is glorified white bread. 365 changed It is packaged bread bakery from Rudis to gold medal.
Too salty, not individually wrapped
It arrived with a foil seal, but no lid on the canister.  Not sure how I am going to keep it fresh
It is always burnt. You need to remove all the crust.
Coffee has very little flavor,  expected a much more robust taste.
Expires in 4 months just received 4/4/22
Only received 2 of 3 bottles
It said lightly salted .. not so., plus half the bag was empty.
Mine came today. One of them are leaking. So...there is that. 
Orchids looked nice. Came with vase and rocks. Were somewhat wilted and some were broken.
Meh. Chocolate filling could not compete with the chocolate cookie. One time purchase.
All cans were crushed and chips were crumbled. Tasted good though so it was not that bad.
My GI MD recommended that I not drink this during my prep for colonoscopy.
Did not work for me.  I had to use 2 packets, and it still did not set.
I have tried several flavors and they are yummy, but they are highly overpriced.
Fresh tasting but very small
I will keep trying to work with to get it to my satisfaction.
overall not very high quality but I should have expected that from how cheap it was.
Can make it cheaper from scratch
Has harmful dyes - do not serve to kids
Taste is like I remember, but says pack of 11 and I got pack of 4
took me back to my childhood days but the taste is different
But after one use was I the killer?
Blanket is soft but very small. Expected it to cover a human body bit it is more like a mini throw
The delivery box was intact, but the candy was smashed. Not 100% of the piece but a majority
its legit but at least here where i live, it is much cheaper in local stores than amazon
It is okay.  Not strong enough for me.
The refrigeration did not last and the chocolates had begun to stick together.
"Has a slight cinnamon taste, but does not have the ""hot"" flavor the Brach brand has."
Hoping for something like Fard but this is mostly sweet greasy and bland
Tastes great, but the sweetener in it upsets my stomach. Too bad!
Barely taste peppermint. Wind up giving it away.
This is just tea.....minus the hype.
These came in a bag so many of the cookies are broken or crushed to crumbs
It is quite expensive for such a small bottle I found the some tea much cheaper at whole foods
I was hesitant to have cookies shipped But these were in pieces. I am eating them anyway!
Mostly pretty good but the Hazelnut was awful.
Way too salty, not enough cheese flavor.
I love the texture and flavor but too expensive.
I do not know how to cook them properly.
Not a much as you would think. Maybe I just like my coffee sweeter than I thought.
Received as advertised.
Not very fond of flavor. Will not purchase again.
Pastier than some tahini I have had.
A little too sweet for my taste
Too pricey, and some less expensive brands taste better. I would not buy it again
my husband ate them like candy ?
Tasty if you like licorice
Could do without the flavor coffee but like the  rest
The jar was smaller than I expectected.
they could have been riper and sweeter.
Coloring makes them appear old.
not as flavorful as I expected.
The product was ok but alot smaller than what I expected. I almost did not have enough.
Too many broken into pieces.
To vegetablely for our group.
It does not pop too well in a microwave
The leaves were brown, a bit old looking.
1 of the container busted a hole on the side and it stink
all the candies that I opened from the one package was smashed
They must have cut down on the salt. Not as favorable as I remember but decent with beer.
One of the pods was leaking upon arrival.
I am not a fan of some of the flavored coffees.
Tough to open as the cans are so small. The white tuna is always excellent.
I wanted mocha sauce. This product is caramel.
No the same thing from Mexico
Product is very tasty.  Too much packaging for small amount of product.
It is okay but flavor is not strong enough.
It was melted together.
The case was torn open when it arrived.
My son said it was spicy
Purchased as I was told it was the same as QWL Boost In Orange! No where near...
I believe it was old. The box came open. I just threw it away.
Mislead about two packages. Assumed two 16 oz each, not total.
Cost a lot for the size
Needs to be shipped in a BOX NOT A BAG ! Some crushed pods = no real savings
Cans leaked and were damaged.  My old review disappeared so I am writing this again.
Sufficient gift. Perhaps the price does not match the minimal contents.
I do not know about the quality but I think it is quite pricy.. I wish it could be around $5-6..
The flavors were underwhelming...purchased on a whim. Do Not think I will re order
After brewing it leaves a lot of coffee grinds floating in your mug.
Just as advertised
This product seemed to be very dry and the way it was packaged caused everything to stick together.
Just wish it was in a gift basket
Not very tasty. Will not order again.
THEY WERE  STUCK TOGETHER!!
Received a month after the brew by date!
Very pale and not so pretty
Not very fragrant..my homemade recipe is better..not worth the money..very disapointed
weird taste wify dint like either did not finished it but end yo garbage more than half of it
One blob.  Had to use a knife to separate.  No granules.
Product arrived largely dented. Not good! Nice to have a low sodium soup.
Onion cutter works okay. Sauce is weird tasting. Not like the kind at outback :(
We had to microwave 5 secs to get soft enough to chew
It really does not have any flavor; but it is better than the other artificial sweeteners.
Would definitely buy again if the Asian store near me stopped carrying it!
The product was okay ,but not impressive
Not much strawberry flavor in it. Otherwise tastes like tang.
Completely melted
Overly sweet  but reason being hard to dispense small quantity.
Did not care for the aftertaste or texture of this shake
They were ok, I think I just like fresh better.they were a little hard for me to chew.
Bag busted all over box
Small salad.  Tasted ok but wish it was bigger
I just did not like the taste of these.
love the flavor, of course..... but my stomach cannot take it... bloats like crazy.
Needed something that would accept snap at the time
Not enough flavor
Not much to say just thanks
this is not a spectacular product like some said, but it is nice.  little mushy though.
Honestly they are  not really that flavorful. I AM GOING TO It is a very weak flavor.
I have bought these in stores with variety of flavors in the box.  This was all one flavor.
Too much Grape vs other flavors
Not bringing home to mom...
Poor taste very very overpriced
Too dry and hard to enjoy.
this is very good green tea, but also very expensive, hence only three stars
This was bought as a gift for my step son and his wife. It is much smaller than I expected.
the pineapple is not dry enough and it is so sore
They were bought for a project and most of them are broken
Not bad but small
The flavors were just a little too weird. Only one out of all of them we liked.
Love this product but the cost has become prohibitive.  Used to be $5/ box now it is $32. WTF....
Not enough pumpkin spice flavor.  Seemed to taste just like any other syrup.
What is with the peppermints?
Sweet aftertaste I did not really enjoy.
Flavor is a little off, not horrible just not great
I previously ordered a 24 pack.this time there was only 12 packs for the same price as the 24 .
Many came broken!
I GIVE THIS A PASSING GRADE OF B-
The sticks tasted like the plastic they were wrapped in.
Alot came chopped, tastes the same.
I did not relay like these taste
Like how quick it come but have trouble sometimes
wish flavor would last a longer
ok...I do not like the staples in the bags........
If you want to make soup,it has 28% liquid starter added! Salty.
Thought item would be larger.
Not much beef jerky inside each baggy.
Item arrived crushed.  Box it came in is not damaged at all.
just not what i thought it was. i thought it was the single serve powder for 16 oz of water
Did not have the butter toffee flavor
Tastes just like a blueberry muffin  but too pricey!
Tasted like liverwrurst, not cheese at all!
I liked the bite size, but has a heavy artificial taste.
Very basic, but quality ingredients
Besides the very poor job sealing the container, they tasted fine.
did not have GMO in the old days. yeck
The flavors were not great like I have had with other brands. But for the money it was a good deal
the size is smaller than I expected
Very small and had very little value for money but was not terrible either
I fond of salt but these rinds are way too salty for me.
The box was missing all the Raisin Bran. I only received 18 cups!
Not much bacon in this at all.  Zero bacon flavor.  Tastes like BBQ sauce.  Not bad, but not great.
one jar was crushed in delivery.  had to throw out.
These had high reviews, but personally, I did not care for them.  Somewhat bland.
Mostly bubble gum, smarties & lemonheads. 4 suckers 14 boxes chewy lemonheads, 9 bags trolli.
It tastes different than Gelatin.
It did not taste like what I thought. I do not detect either a peppermint or chocolate flavor.
They tasted old! Very chewy!! Not freshly made!!
Good but expensive.
it looks like old powder.. bec when i make a drink its not mixing..
Only received 38 of the 40 K cups
Was ok not too crazy about it.
Out of date and no refund or exchange
I like candy and while this candy was not horrendous, I would not get again. It is just tolerable.
Tea bags were different and it did not seem to taste like it used to.
Figs were a little gritty.
Little to much ginger not quite like gingerbread
Old and not edible
I personally prefer Sambal Brandal
p, but is tastyroduct not uniform
It has a decent roasted rice flavour, but lacks in green tea.
These are Mil Issues.  They are however repackaged.
These must be made differently than they used to be.  Not the same taste.
Kind of dumb... Not very funny
All you taste is banana,  no chocolate. I would prefer a little more chocolate and less banana!
This is a stocking stuffer.
A little softer than the old school ones, they were like chews...
Did not care for the flavor or texture.
Like I said packaging was very deceptive. Actual product was about half of what I expected.
Not as concentrated as some others
Would really like to have these wrapped individually, but they look like a brain and tasted yummy.
Listing clearly states 15 pound package but as picture shows, only 13.5 pounds.
Some packages were busted when it arrived.
But its not the same tea as is in the glass bottles but about 30% of the cost.
16 ounces and it expires in a month . Ridiculous,  how am I going to use that much in a month.
Was waaaay smaller than expectes but does look the same as image show . just not the same size
Very pretty colors but there is just not enough in that little jar because the price is too high.
Could not get past the taste, tried several times alone and mixed in protein shakes
Product and picture description is a bit different
Flavor not bold enough.
Too costly for the quality.
Why are none of these reviews a verified purchase? Do not sleaze up the brand
3 of the 12 ended up being damaged. Only option i had was to return it but we decided not too.
These are hanukah themed cookies not Israeli.
Not very similar to the Chinese restaurants in my area. Not quite what I expected
2 of the 6 packages arrived leaking.
Box was smaller than I anticipated.
The tiniest can imaginable for the price.  Would not buy again.
I like a dirty martini but this mix is way too strong. Even when diluted
Not very much for how much it costs
Good buy for small children not realky as cheesy as i thiught
It is garlic salt
These were too hard.  Taste was fine but again some were too hard and chewy.
Not what I expected. Potatoes thin. Decent taste and clean up.
Did not care for the flavor
2 cups had no coffee in them at all.  Trying to decide if I want to try order again.
The box I received was crushed, open and only had 18 sticks.
Some are good. But not happy over all. Last one I cooked was not soup, but some form of ??????
Not smooth honey at all it is granular texture is not tasty look for the light creamy texture
it does not grow as fast as i thought and some of the stems that were with the big stem already died
Flavor was okay, but they were not soft.  Stale and hard.
I do not care fire sweet tea but like peach tea a lot.  Not happy with this purchase.
Just ok, tasted pretty artificial but that is expected
I think the package was open because its very cheap plastic wrapper, very thin.
Grounds in every cup! Will not buy again.
Tab on tea bags falls off when you open it up. Then you are left with just a string.
Severely overpriced for 6 tiny pizzas
Not very fresh. Dry. Ended up tossing it
I did not really care for the chocolate on these and would probably not buy this brand again.
These are yellow, not clear or white in color so they are not a good choice for candy buffet
flavor is a little off but my 4 year old likes it.
Did not use. Was a  gift
After 2 months I decided to go for regular green tea from a Chinese tea store.
Chocolates were not as fresh as other bags I have eaten from.
Was not as tropical tasting as I had hoped for.  Just was not my cup of tea.
Good if you want something crunchy and salty. The after taste and texture is unappealing!
A lot of pieces to assemble
Came crushed and dusty inside the package. Looked old The tasted fine.
I was not a fan of these.
Thought it came with the flowers. Nope just the wire.
Not my taste of nuts.
Bottles came leaking.
These are delicious but it arrived melted. Shopped only in a bubble wrap envelope. Disappointing!
Thought it will taste better. Had a lingering unpleasant after taste.
Several are very soft, will not purchase again.
does not taste like a breath freshener should... citriusy I guess
It was a gift for Christmas, I do not know if they like it or not yet.
Preferred brown eggs.
To grease for me.
It is not terrible but it is not something that I would buy again taste very little garlic!
Too bad the saturated fat is 4. Taste good still.
Dislike the taste of it. And it is too salty for me.
Not enough oats in packages.
Says 24 count, however only 21 were in the bucket & 3 of them were out of their wrapper.
Great dumplings, disappointed with delivery...included one less can than I bought
Was not what I expected
Not enough lemon flavor
Drinking to help cravings
A good cookie. Not great. Arrived stale and dry. Flavor is a bit bland.
... just not in their specific door.  Somehow they were all at the bottom of the package.
To try to lower my blood sugar. Did not work
Ordered package of four and received three.
The coffee came in an unsealed box with lose coffee grinds all over the kcups.
These portion sizes are for single people!
Too much chocolate small peanut 
very cheesy but other then that everything was great
I hope it is good quite expensive, have not used it yet
The taste is great, the various dried fruit is too hard though, it is really really dry
Not my favorite, heavy lemongrass. With very small pieces that kept getting by the strainer.
Very over priced and then add in shipping cost and it is definitely NOT worth it
The dollar store candy bracelets tasted yummier.
Yummy but the price seemingly doubled so it lost a star.
Item arrived without the pump
A little strong for me. Seems a little darker roast than medium roast
Tasty but NOT sour
Order was incomplete
A little expensive and not as smooth as I expected for Kona coffee.
Rotten within 3 days.
Taste not for me, like a stronger lemon taste. If you like just a hint of lemon this tea's for you
Miracle Whip at 2 1/2 times the price
This is unacceptable.  Especially for the price. Amazon did refund me.  Not the company.
I bought this for a cake recipe.  One was busted open, the other 5 cans were a sticky mess.
Don' know. This was a gift.
This is like vanilla extract to me. I did not get cream soda at all
I love this coffee maker, but if I get sent the wrong coffee again I will return it.
I am not big on buying anymore meat through the mail again.
Product delivered as single pieces in a white box, not confident its a real brand or not.
I will buy at my tops store as the price is about the same..
My item was cracked from the pump and I do see that it is a no returns item
I was expecting a stronger flavor. It is nothing to brag about.
Arrived crushed/leaking.
No container included.
The limit of four at a time is not how I want to shop.  I will buy elsewhere in the future.
The packaging does not resemble what is being advertised.
Arrived fast but little to much salt taste
Tastes like jello in a fruit squeeze not what I was expecting.
I hate the smell. I am sure it works okay but I cannot use it because I dread the smell.
It came In a bag not a container like in the photo
Description states 2-10oz bottles only got 1 bottle
Super coarse and wet
no problems with the product
I never got to taste the item they had mold and I tossed the entire bag
My headline says it all.
Flavor does not last long, but we like that it has all natural ingredients
not sweet like the original?
The title says it all.
Not what I expected
It seems previous item was softer - this order they were more firm, hard, more difficult to eat.
I got it to help my wife fight cancer, she died and never used it.  It is still in my cupboard
Do not expect these to make it to you properly if you live in Texas they will melt
very mushy.  Not any big pieces.  Sorry Bumble Bee.  Not my favorite.
Wanted them in that contain
No birthday taste mixture
Package came damaged.
Was disappointed that bottles were so little bit great flavors
Will not buy again especially for price
It was clear.  Rather smaller than I thought  but it worked.
Was not as I anticipated.
Good tasting, sad thing is, way to expensive for any kind of flavored water.
Keeps from chewing tobacco
I had to get two pieces too.get the taste I use to remember .. flavor does not last long.
Approx. 9 round. Good quality, but Also very expensive.
Like the gum but flavor does not last. It is flavor is gone in 30 seconds.
I use Organic Arrowroot Powder as a natural thickener for sauces.
But it is not Just the tea is not the flowers. Just misleading.
It has a very bitter taste although you can tell it is all natural and not sweetened .
Eight out the twelve cans had a dent in them.
I accidentally bought sugar-free
Good pretzels, but they were all broken!
This has a flowery taste to it. Not just strawberry.
Zero ginger flavor..only brown butter flavor
Normally we live this but this time we had 6 containers that were open or broken.
It was a gift, so I have not used it.
Tastes like the soda fountain when the syrup runs out.
Some packs were stale some were fine
The pictures were deceptive. I thought the containers were much bigger.
It was not the match I needed for my Bunn Senso pod style. The return was accepted with no hassle.
I have had them before.like the taste and the toast.
Does not have any flavor of peach or ginger
They were okay. Not great. Just okay. Expensive
Not all of these worked well with my Keurig, at first I thought the Keurig was broken
Elicious jam but found it a little too sweet for my taste.
I made cookies with it. The flavor did not come thru.ok product
Flavor was ok, but brew was a little weak.
Too many broken up coconut flakes and not enough cashews for this price.
They were not the freshest.
Overall tasty but a tad too salty for my liking.
I received the product damaged
I messed mine up by using the wrong kind of jar
I could not finish the bag.  Odd texture and flavor was ok but weak.  Black twisters were better.
A RIP OFF!!!  BUT @ WAL-MART @ 1/2 THE PRICE.
They are dried out I get the same brand at vitacost and they have some moisture and more pliable.
Not great. Dumped out most of it.
Have not noticed a change in my supply but if you are bound up it works wonders as a laxative! 
I really dislike the nonstandard sizing of cans and inflated price for less volume.
This was a bit too bland.  More like plain flour.
Cans are much harder to open than the ones I got from Costco. Flavor is the same.
I ordered two boxes, paid for two boxes! Only got one box!
the headline says it all
Good coffee.  Quite a few of the seals on the k kups are broken. Will not be reordering.
They tasted ok, but not very attractive to look at.  Not something I would buy again.
Love Harney & Sons tea but the Bergamot flavor is extremely subtle and lacking.
It was OK.nothing to write home about
Not as hot/spicy as i hoped
Shipping box and inside box case damaged. Hoping. They still work in my machine!
Will not purchase again.
One of the bags was delivered ripped open
The cookies taste great ..but were all broken due to poor package ..
You can tell these are no Fig Newtons.
Good flavor, but not exceptional as one would expect from a single origin coffee.
Do not mix well with cold silk but still taste good.
The noodles is smaller than what is on the package.
The package was broken when it came in, but I really like the rice~
Tastes somewhat bitter.
I ordered these in Sept and the expiration date on the box is November
headline says it all
"They are Goldfish, they are ""crackers"". What?!?"
The can was dented at the bottom  Should not send damaged goods
used it on rim of glass
Helps with bloating but gives you cramps
3 of 12 cans came damaged. Buyer beware.
I do not dislike the product but it showed up for damage and is not eligible for return.
You get a lot of items for the value of your money
Coffee is good but a little bit expensive for my taste
Thought it would be a bit thicker. Pretty runny. Will try a different brand next time.
Not as flavorful as expected
$18 for a 20lb bag at Costco. Feel ripped off.
Delivery lead time was unaccaeptable, over two weeks.
One of the containers had a crack in it causing it to leak in the shipping box.
Unfortunately despite this being sugar free the sweetness taste is just way too much for me.
suffered damage somewhere and some pods leaking!
To many hills and somewhat tasteless
I could not separate the licorice strands!
like it, but was not a huge fan, maybe too much sugar, can feel it
Received a damaged container. (1 of 2 containers)
Not bad. Not sure what I was expecting but it did not bowl me over.
Fine but a little expensive for what you get
consipation di not work
The container it is in makes it hard to work with. Very flimsy container.
The chocolate is old. Not very tasty. Not turning white yet, but not favorable.
The bears arrived in a good time. My problem is that one of the bears was broken in half.
Chocolate was white and most were broken
I buy nuts for wild life
it is too grainy I should have gotten finer
The coffee was great but too expensive.  I would buy it again if the price comes down.
Super small package. Not Awesome brand as advertised. They do not taste like the original.
Red was the only rainbow color
Blah.  No real raspberry flavor.
80% almonds. Not recommended
These are tiny and cute with very little taste.
Daughter loves the candy
15 boxes all single person. Was for pantry . Will Not work for pantry
This is a case of did not pay attention. The size is 4oz, for the price I thought it was 8oz. Oops.
Expensive but many servings. There is a slight color to item  Smells ok
I have not taste it yet. but seems like too Hight prices. I should go mart to buy it.
The effects do not really last that long, but it was an experience.
bucket came with big indent, but the outside box was ok,which means it was packed damaged.
Only lasted one day.
Enjoyed the coffee but did not enjoy paying almost twice  as much as it actually coasts at Costco.
The photo indicated Halloween themed water but we received regular bottles instead.
Not enough Stevia or flavor. No peach flavor in the peach. No sweetness at all. Not cheap either.
I did not receive all of the product. I only got one box of 24 and there should have been two.
container cracked
Has a funny after taste that I cannot get past
A lot in the bag are almost rancid  I did not check the expiration date but would not buy them again
Did not get the flavors is shown in the photos.
the price of product is about three times than that in Yami, but just the similar flavor
This coffee is the old label and does not work in the newer coffee machine.
Received 1 box not a 12 pack as listed in photo when purchased
These were a gift, but arrived busted with candy all over the box.
Taste and freshness good.  Very small pieces,  though !  Very slow shipping, too.
Flavor not as expected.  Seems to have a pepper accent
I opened cottage cheese before expiration date and it was moldy.
Unfortunately they were bruised and turned moldy very quickly
Some were open without wrappers and others were melted together. Sticky mess.
Nothing to brag about here.
It is little hard to chew, little soft would have been better.
Not enough in package.
Salty, could not eat
These come from Pennsylvania.
Taste and price.
It tasted like licorice waa mixed in...will not buy again.  It was not a wow for me
Very tiny skinney packet. Not as pictured
Came opened and there were everywhere
I did not pay attention to the can size. The price reflects the smaller can, not a sale price
Have not used the May this point
Similar to other customer reviews, arrived moldy.
Not enough garlic taste
Like that these do not need refrigeration and can be kept next to the coffee maker
I wanted to try this sauce. Unf
Has a soapy taste
I added Potassium Chloride, but it is still not the same.  Do not know what to do next.
They had a strange oily wavy coating on them. They were not terrible but not very good.
Taste so-so.  Way too much red dye.  It turns my mouth and my bowel movements red.
The price was eye gauging
At about a $1.00 an ounce, this is not a particularly great coffee.  It is OK, but not outstanding.
Not bad, but did not love it.
My husband says it is not the Highlander Grogg he prefers.
Did not like because you have to add milk
The box was open.  All of the candy was intact though.
I thought I was getting Garretts  Popcorn, these were okay but not nearly as good.
I love Chile Picante flavored corn nuts, however they were stale this time.
lots of stems to pick out.  kind of gross and irritating.  i will not be buying this one again.
one can barely see, taste the berries.
Meh tastes a little different but I was expecting it to taste like Reese's pieces so maybe my fault
Nothing Nothing Zero ntadtr
Kind Of stale, fast delivery though
Dog food for human's is all it is. If you are on a budget it will make a turd.
The coffee did not taste as great as it usually does. I was a bit disappointed.
These was not fresh and 2 were open.
did not like any of these
I love Core water but I found the strawberry one to be seriously lacking in flavor.
My bag was a mixture some were fresh and chewy the others were hard as hell
The breadstix were soggy
One of the jars were cracked but I just put it in a zip lock bag.
decent flavor, but at least half is stems not leaved
They taste okay but they are HARD to chew!!
I love these but this time they arrived crushed, sticky and way past freshness date.
My bag of cayenne pepper had a hole in it, so cayenne pepper covered everything in the box.
Four of twelve cans dented.
Was basically a cut out on a toothpick stick
Package came smashed the box was open
grandaughter loves them
Cups do not work well in Keurig machines. Lots of jams & coffee grounds left in cup after
Not very tasty..will not be ordering this again
probably a decent product if you like such flavors. i found them candy like.
Not a big fan of the flavor.
Much too salty and a burnt taste. Ate a few and threw them out.
Not as flavorful as I would hoped.
The item is as expected, just know that the cookie mix that is included is expired.
I did not realize that this mix requires eggs for the preparation -
Product is like bbq sauce . There is no heat to this whatever
Other brands out there with richer flavor and not necessarily sugary.
Not as sweet as packets, but they are dissolved at least.
The flavor with the lemon was good...But they were somewhat mushy.  Would Not buy again
The color was off, I order red and got picked dark pink, did not look like red at all
Love these candies. There was a disappointing number of candies in each packet.
help to keep my focus after a stroke , also cannot sleep let me sleep wellafter drinking it
I do not really care for the flavor and will not likely buy it again. I will stick to regular Matcha.
was not what I was expecting.  Taste definitely not one I will order again.
It does not at all taste like pna colada ,super thick ccompared to mango ot peach flavors
It tasted off.  Will not be purchasing again.
Was not my cup of tea. I did not care for the tast
The title says it all. However, the shipping charge is nearly twice the cost of the cookies.
Mine had Clumps and  discoloration, even after shaking it
I do not see any results for what I am using, hopefully soon.
Will get next Sumer cannot wait
It is good.too salty.only one at a time.
I always wanted to try different salts but this one was not for me...too crunchy
I was buying this item monthly until the price double. I cannot afford that high of price.
Ordered ones without the salt
thought I was buying puffed rice.
Weird looking gum pellets that turn kind of mushy
its a regular pickled olive.
This was a gift so I do not know
Not enough chocolate too much air heads
have to mix with a all purpose flower for bread
Kicked me down too .9 blood keto level with just one package. Not really keto friendly.
The flavors were generic and dull and not sour at all.
"Has a fishy taste. Not as ggod as the ""Wild Planet Albacore Wild Tuna, Sea Salt""."
Not as much liquid center as other brands I have tried.
The ingredients appear to be the same as Jiff... but not as tasty. Not worth the money.
Tasted old. Says 12/22 I do not know??
flakes are too coarse. I was expecting coconut powder.
edible portion almost baseball sized
Prefer the beef ones but just my preference
This arrived with the can crushed  in it is side.
Product was as expected
I loved the flavor and texture, but half the bag was usually crumbs and even less than crumbs.
It is practically water
Not bad, but not fantastic either.
Could be cleaner.
Cannot eat them now
Smashed dented cans.
There were empty cans in each 12 pack
JUST NOT FOR MY TASTE........
The juice was delicious but it came without a safety seal!!  A little scary!
Every can was damaged
One of the packages smelled of rotten death.  It was not sealed or preserved!!
There were no directions on how to use. Refers to website, nothing there as well.
Did not have the products it was suppose to have. Not all that it showed was not all there.
Non uniform cube size, still purchased a second jar.
These dates arrived to me dry.
i was expecting a bigger size
Did not taste the same
Tasty and nutritious without a lot of calories.
Product was satisfactory.
Pretty hard to chew!
I sprinkle on pop corn. Not a lot of flavor.
this was supposed to be to eat, however, i do not want to break my teeth doing it. emgh
Product had great quantity but the quality was a little hard and stale.
Tasty but takes a long time to prepare - have to boil for a long time
Not fresh but fresh customer service
a few eggs were cracked and leaking everywhere...it is not the first time
Son did not like these. Maybe because of texture.
NoT lemony at all.In fact not much flavor
dislike the price for the amount in bag.
Not really peanut butter with chocolate chips...
Great & organic however you only get 2 uses out of it. Not worth the money. Way too expensive.
have tried several of these drinks and this is not a flavor I like
Dislike the flavor.
So so. Flavor not very long lasting except peppermint. It lasts a while.
Tiny bottles for the price. Does not color vibrantly. only pastel. Pass on this one.
cans were either leaking or damaged in one way or another
Box that packets were in was completely smashed and destroyed
They will be consumed
Purchased to use as bait for rat trap only.
Not as robust as expecting.
The candy looks old and it was melted will not buy again
Very tiny portions and most of the bags arrived stale and crushed
I did not reall notice a different than some of my other coffees.
Taste weird even though seems like very healthy
Product was melted upon arrival
I did not like the taste. I made one and threw second one away
Great taste, bad price.
Was purchased for a party. Not a fan of the powdered creamer.
I am updating my rating because it finally arrived.
My puppy got allergy after he started to eat it
Probably not even sausage.
Gift was not for me but I see this breaking soon.
Not as flavorful nor aromatic as expected.
Ok flavor. The bar was stiff and dried out a bit.
It is gum, just needs lasting flavor
I would not speak  as an expert waiting for continued use to give my opinion
- only had the rice so far.  Did not like the texture.
Taste good but really expensive for as little as you get.
Flavor it is tolerable, but I will not reorder.
I just did not care for the flavors.
Half of them were stale, they were kind of flavorless and overpriced, do not recommend.
The lettuce was old. I ended up replacing the lettuce. I would not buy it again
Not what I expected .
Not really like the taste of this sweetener
not enough skin on the pork
The fire hydrant keeps coming off. Had to re- glue several times.
Too small and does not taste as good as I expected but not too bad.
Did not like that it had bay leaf. Not what I expected.
WILL NOT BUY AGAIN
Bags were smaller than I expected for the price will not order again
I ordered wrong product ok though gave as church donation
The color of rice is yellow, no jasmine scent on rice but the grains have jasmine scent.
was what was needed for my recipe.
The package was smaller than expected and not the taste i know
I did not really notice any boost in energy but I guess they will help get me through the day.
Wanted to use for stocking stuffer
These were tasty but kind of stale.
I used it for my lip gloss
tastes good,,but a lot of small pieces..when supposed to be whole ones..
Just ok flavor, disappointingly bland and absolutely no heat.
As advertised.  Arrived a bit smooshed.
The bags that had expired were not as robust as they should have been
The taste of this is almost too mellow.
Putting together care package for our college freshman granddaughter.
This size was not what i was expecting, i got a smaller package.
Grandson loves it, though I do not think it will last long.
It is a bit dense. Trader Joes has the same thing for less and it is like real turkey.
Flat and old tasting
The flavors are very good to very bad. I would not recommend the peach.
Jelly thickness,  no real taste
It is ok but does not not taste flavorful like other French butter such as Echire.
Wayy smaller than expected. It looked decent .
The package looks great, but the flavor is so fake!
A little expensive but great quality. Got barely anything for the price.
Not a big fan and I have had other hulless popcorn before. The kernels popped super small...
not what i expected.
All chocolates were in the melting stage
A little to mild
Was not liked as much as the other flavors.
Only 50-60% pops
Why all the juice ingredients?? such as pear juice, grape juice etc..
Too salty.... Taste before using. Mix with flour or cornstarch
Flavor is not there
It is beautiful and very delicate looking but smaller than what I expected.
Not the same taste at all. This tastes like tobacco to me.
NO REAL PEACH JOLLY RANCHER HERE
They come pretty broken up
Numerous runts, black and with holes. Probably no help to properly sort
It was saltier than expected
They were too soft. I like them much harder. Ruined the taste for me.
Did not really like the flavor
I had hoped for a coconut treat. I still am looking.
Not a viable starter despite following instructions carefully.
The packets were torn and powder spilled in the plastic wrap
Was expecting something different.
Easy to make, but you can basically taste the sodium and artificial flavors
Lacked flavor but was crunchy.
I Am glad I tried them, they are crunchy but little flavor.  I will stickwith the dried tangerines
Quality product and delivered as promised.
Beans were sorta skimpy but what do you expect for the price.
It is a decent coffee for everyday use. My wife thinks it is too harsh and does not drink it.
The quantity it is lacking.
It expired 2 days after purchase, and started to curdle the day after that
Not enough peanut butter
They were a lot smaller than I realized
This was not very flavorful.
I do not like the flavor . It tastes like water . I will not buy it again .
I was supposed to get 4 boxes with 6 bags each. What was delivered was just one box with 6 bags.
Family did not care for it.
Did not get all the flavors shown on the page. Got replacements.
The taste was similar to corn tortillas, but the calorie count was higher than expected
Eh mid all around. Would not buy again
Variety was good but tasted somewhat stale ...
Price just went up about 20%. I can now buy in local stores for less. Especially when it is on sale.
It is a really small container for 13 bucks. I will go to grocery store next time- just hot chocolate
They were too thick and hard. I ended up throwing away. But the taste was good.
damaged and dry  id say old  not light and fluffy
Arrived a little hard, kind of stale. Not as good as USA Haribo
Hard to find decent tasting decaff , this one is bearable
Seems like recipe changed
Not as robust a blend as I had hoped.
The product taste great but I got both packages melted. I was a bit disappointed.
Smaller package than I expected! It is a gift!!
Flavor good price expensive. Have to use quiet a bit for flavor.
Barely tastes like chocolate
The Brown sugar ones are Great. But the Strawberry ones are nasty.
The bottle was  leaking when I got them
Was not what I expected-sent back for refund
I did not care for the looks of the pods and returned then
Box crushed and torn with candy bars strewn about
Value for the money.
I got a mix of three flavors instead of all butter flavor.
"Peppercorns were ""beat up""."
Given as a gift so cannot rate.
No real price saving, just that I found Ceylon tea
Do not like the taste or texture
I really like this gums . but they are smaller than I pictured in my mind
It tasted dry.  Also, loaded with sodium!
One of these bottles had been opened before being packed in the box so I have to throw it away !!
Arrived as expected.
I prefer the 365 brand. The flavor is ok but not great in my opinion.
I ended up seeing these at a local store for around the same price.....
The only thing about them several of them were mess up..rolled up in a ball and some were crushed
Good, but way too expensive for what you get
Package is a small cardboard box.  Does not provide any WOW factor like the display photo.
But, it sometimes arrive tasting rancid.
This bar is absolutely delicious but the price is outrageous.
Why do I want sulfides added to my seasonings?
The taste is a little off. Delivered quickly and packaged well
Bread sticks were mostly all broken up in little pieces by the time product arrived by USPS.
Very cute and served it is purpose on our 2 year old's cake.  Wish it was a little less flimsy.
This product is more dry or almost stale/very hard compared to others I have used in the past.
You can get the large one for the price of that small one...,
I wish they would have left tops on! I have a pet rabbit and the tops are very nutritious for him.
Bought 3-11-2020.  Expiration/Best by date: 6-8-2020
Not much flavor unless dunked in flavored Coffee
These were on their way to being dead. I expected more from Whole Foods
It was O.K but not something I plan to reorder.
Used it for soups, broth and cooking.
product was as expected
The product is fine. Arrived LATE, missed the event.
The Golden Oreos are usually damaged
One of the three jars was broken. Perhaps be more careful?? 
Entirely too salty
I was home when they arrived, and they arrived melted in a blob.
You do not get the value you pay for
Does not have the sulfur scent I was hoping for to make vegan eggs.
It was a gift for a coworker.
Get the golden oat in this same brand instead this flavor taste weird
The cheese is just weird which sucks because the crust and sauce are good.
Not for me, maybe cuz I am not a big coffee drinker but I thought it lacked flavor
Zingers are much better to me than this stuff. Sort of bland and dry.
Unfortunately the chocolates came without suitability for the heat. Unfortunately many were melted.
Flavor was very short then was like chewing on rubber. Did arrive early. By a week or 2.
taste not bad but little greasy because of almond butter
Ok product, a little heavy on the hot spice for my liking.
The date was up on the vinegar which I did not like
Taste is so so but fills you up
I love sour patch kids but these flavors were nasty. Got them for cheap so cannot really complain
They should stop advertising a coconut coating, as there was no coconut
Plant-based instead of vegan on the product I received. What is the deal?
Just not my thing I guess
Love this chocolate. Bag was very small for the price and took approx 3 weeks to receive.
Too spicy for my taste
This cake did not seem to have very much taste. Maybe that is why it is hard to find
They taste pretty much like stuffed green olives minus the pimento stuffing.
I was pretty excited to try these but they taste almost bitter. So weird.
I am not use to this yet but I will reorder
I bought 4 packages of this products and I just revived 1 and it came incomplete.
Unfortunately recipe is too sweet for me.
Flavor was fine, but I order these for my daughters lunch and she only eats black olives not green.
One of the bags of cookies was opened and spilled all in the box
Gum ball bag was opened in box when arrived Had to throw away Arrived on time
Best tasting product but worst price so buy somewhere else.
It does not say organic on the ingredients makes me wonder
Kind Of disappointed
I would buy again
This is how the bottle got delivered with out a cap
Tasty. Use for a pecan pie.
one of the bottle lids was leaking.
I baked these until they were extremely crisp then dipped them in sour cream and salsa.
Very tiny size bottles. It is like one time use.
they were to soft, it where hard taking the paper off.
It is not thick/sticky as expected. could not use it for my purpose (Theam Jellos).
Got here the day after easter :(. Other then that they were great..
Not like the old ones, not a lot of flavor and has a rough edge
The candy come to me shatter.
I was unsure about this product but it works fine in small doses like in shakes or yogurt..
I do not like the after taste.
Just what you want in a cracker!
TIny containers, not really worth it.
These are not bad and are flavorful but very bready and expensive.
Not nasty but not good just different will not buy again
I was expecting something a little different .
Good but all crumbled upon arrival. Probably not best for shipping.
I made lollipops with these my kids did not like the favors; grape, cherry
ALL SIX of them expire in 5 MONTHS.
Received a torn bag.
arrived today, was dissapointed that the seeds were in a baggie, not in any container like shown.
Was not products my son would eat.
More then a bit  too ' oniony' . Not a good substitute for  Salad Supreme.
It is just unjustifiably Too pricey.
....ended up making half she will tostadas defeating the whole pocket idea!
The chocolates were dislodged and floating inside the box
Packaging will split on the sides, unexpectedly.
Imagine if this tasted like curry.
Not what i wasexpecting in flpver
so, so. switched to Familia Swiss Muesli Cereal.
The snack was too spicy for my taste
This was a product meant for the Canadian market. Not what was pictured.
the Flavor could have been stronger
What a tiny box!
Not to bad but not that great of flavors for any of them
I never ordered this
These are to short. Makes sausage making more difficult than necessary.
too low on any flavor or even any taste of pumpkin
It was a lot smaller than I thought for the price.
It had sand in the package
Quantity for price not there
Really cute but very small I did not read size
If you are big fan of banana go for it or else you will not like it
