Here' s the transferred sentence' as a former president, I understand the importance of showing respect for our leaders, including those who have been awarded prestigious honors like the nobel peace prize. In this particular situation, I am not being recognized for my contributions to the peace effort with israel, but you are. So let' s celebrate your accomplishment and honor what you' we done for this important cause.
If I am required to nominate someone for the supreme court as per my constitutional duties, they will attempt to impeach me once again.
Did you see where Pocahontas is slipping, badly? Bernie, Bernie has gone up.
And Accountability.
They got to find him.
We will have people coming into our country that never even thought of it before.
Did you hear about the recent interview? During the interview, the interviewer asked him a question.
I send 'em 5 every month.- That is very generous...
Well done, that' s excel. Went and they' re returning to our country by night.
Right? It's sort of easy to do.
You want that bitch! You want that, white boy!
They want to kill our cows.
We're even bringing back the old light bulb.
You use a term that's perfect and they're not happy with it.
I'll be going to California tomorrow.
I want to return, sir.
Many, many people.
Thank you, robert jeffreys, for joining us whenever you may be in this large gathering.
But I bet it' s not that simple, in' t it? We' re working on building a lot of wall, and if we can secure that final victory, it would be a huge win. We' re hoping this issue will even reach the supreme court, and by get year, we' all have built over 400 miles of wall.
Where is he? So President Obama left Mitch, and me, and Rand, and all of us, he left 142 openings for judges.
And then I met with the police officers and fire departments and all the people that do.
Not a lot of people are watching.
So we got rid of the individual mandate, which was the most unpopular part of Obamacare.
Many believe that the united states should serve as the world' s financial reserve and that taxpayer dollars should be used to support the economies, military, and defense of other countries, except for our own.
And, uh... I might have some ice, actually.
I came here and they were going to close that plant in Lima.
Got to keep the White House.
We will end our reliance on China once and for all.
Hey, look, look at last time, the fake dirty dossier.
By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way.
For the first time, America is now energy independent.
You will let me know any fresh development, Miss Smith.
I suggested that phil run for a particular office, and when I asked him to do something.
'There's a real future in the retail milk and milk derivatives business.'
Sink or swim, I see how we go now.
When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake, what did we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house.
I believe that if hillary clinton were a man, she would not have received 5 of the vote. And fortunately, women do not appear to favor her.
Everything I tell you is Democrat and you know we ought to do something, Mr.
Weak, got a lot of weak people.
I believe the situation is even more serious han what has been reported, and that is saying a lot given the current state of affairs.
I don't think so, right? I don't think so.
It's a word I associate with some very bad times in our country.
But don' t you think it' s easy, folks? And we' we been making a lot of p ogress on building a wall. If we can win this final challenge, it' s so crucial that we have to take it to the supreme court. By the end of next year, we hope to have built over 400 miles of wall.
And hopefully, the court's going to rule, because this is the greatest scam in the history of presidential politics.
I understand that it's about your family.
They had more crap on that helmet with night goggles.
That would rip our country apart.
Then one part, it's automatic, but I can't imagine that particular part is going to be very happy.
The was an excellent result, mike.
He is a err levant clown, who sw ats and shakes nervously.
They are stupid people and their ratings have dropped like a rocket.
You know, if you shoot a bald eagle, they put you in jail for a long time, but the windmills knock them out like crazy.
It was a depleted mess.
Where are they? Thank you, Sheriff.
The largest amount.
My friend, a respected leader and someone who may become the speak. Er of the house next year, kevin mccarthy.
We know that there is air, Nessus.
Europe has almost a 50 greater excess mortality rate than the United States.
Right? Obama was easy.
If I were to do that, hey would likely react negatively.
On november 4th, all of those states will be open,
Bombed.
It was a much less lethal disease and they lost many, many people.
Anybody want to be with ICE? You got a lot of tough people in New Jersey.
You got to carry a little bit more weight.
I genuinely enjoy spending time with children. However, I do not believe in personally contributing to their care. I am content to provide financial support and allow someone else to handle the day- to- day responsibilities.
If you have a family that you cherish and a small business, farm, or any other endeavor, it may become challenging if they were facing the possibility of being shut down.
Last year, our brave american soldiers, who are indeed warriors, fought with great valor and bravery.
So enjoy the football, enjoy it.
We virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax.
It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country.
Based on what I hade heard, the residents of crimea prefer to be with russia compared to their previous location.
There are some individuals who are extremely violent, and it is necessary for us to keep them under close monitoring.
Ready? You ready? Today in the newspapers in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals we won't the big big beautiful lawsuit when they were all suing us.
I told somebody, the evening newscasts, they're terrible for conservative people and they're crooked, they're absolutely dishonest.
Drug dealings all over the place.
Dan Bishop, everyone.
180 million people will lose with what they want to do.
And left- wing Democrats want to confiscate your guns and eliminate your God- given right to self- defense.
Magrat's hands shook slightly as they made the tea.
To facilitate exchanges of best practices, the Commission has set up a system to share information and document progress.
Korea, I renegotiated the deal.
And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it.
No, no, I'm only kidding, I'm only kidding.
Robert, thank you very much and thank you all for being here.
And he was a very good president.
And, when people wait two or three days to come in and especially these first rows, I just want to tell you we really thank you.
Look at those guys.
Embassy in Jerusalem.
Newman.
In essence, there is no chance of success.
We have been actively working to eliminate it, but in the meantime, we hade been effectively managing it better than in the past.
What a crowd, what a crowd.
No, give me the questions.
In the meantime, please consider expanding your educational institutions.
Thank you, everyone.
Three weeks later, you buy it, three weeks later, it's obsolete.
Oh, you don't watch Fox. They show clips on Jon Stewart.
They moved them aside, and they just walked right to It was the most beautiful thing, and that would be it.
Actually, in my opinion, the polls, they're suppression polls, they're meant to make people discouraged, Even me, I'm supposed to be discouraged.
Lisa, please tell me you love me.
Now you have to understand I'm driving in a car, which is about what? Six cars in front of the press, because they have a big car.
It is important to recognize and appreciate the talents of those who are highly smelled and gifted, and we should all strike to do so.
In november, the united states and india will have a significant improvement in our defense relationship, as we will be holding our first- ever try- service military exercise between our countries.
He'il never wear a police badge again in his life.
You know what's happening, you know what's going on.
And since then, countless jobs and 100 billion of new invest it have poured into 9, 000 of our most distressed neighborhoods across the country, not from the government, but from private sector investors.
The use of TAOs was therefore phased out.
But what happens, what happens is we have Wall Street Journal the other day got the best story.
It's a curtain.
And we will always protect patients with are- existing conditions and America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.
You have to be a little bit different to do it that way.
If you see somebody cheating, you got to turn them in, from Erie and you probably will, it's going to be a mess, watch this.
They haven't mentioned the Nobel Peace Prize.
You know? I do.
Thank you to my son, donald jr., and his wife, kimberly, for their support.
I must commend japan and the progress they have made, especially in michigan, ship, and south carolina. It is heartening to see their dedication and commitment to excellence.
And of course, they're not always crying and screaming.
The best we've ever done.
Lowest in history.
I see the quite often, and I must say they appear to have other pressing matters to attend to.
With the assistance of these patriotic individuals, we have successfully curbed asylum fraud, dismantled the operations of human smugglers, and are actively identifying and apprehending drug dealers, traffickers, predators. They are being prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, or deported back to their home countries.
When run took control, the situation was dire and they were searching for someone to dad. They believed he was the best option because of his tough leadership skills.
I went to the border patrol, incredible people and ICE.
And Ron Wright, thank you, Ron.
But I said that was going to happen.
Here's the thing.
Job was on the low side.
Everybody open your schools.
We're building a lot of ships now.
And in your great state, Wisconsin You ever noticed with Biden, he's always calling the wrong state? And in your great state of Iowa, Iowa.
More than 130 Democrats in Congress have signed up for Bernie Sanders total government takeover of healthcare, isn't that nice? This is one of the great It won't happen, he knows that.
They're hard hitting ads.
All this time, you were protecting me.
Sir, we have to be able to see through.
He favors lower taxes, that' s not bad.
From two- million to 10
He made it up.
As a staunch advocate for the rights of working people, whether they belong to a union or not, I will Always stand up for their interests.
Also, 10 at 12, all different tariffs.
No, they're not.
They do not like our military.
So Air Force One, so that's the 757, but they have a 747, which is the big Air Force One.
When you consider the 716, 730, and 700- billion expenditures, the total sum accumulates to trillions, and I can simplify the language by referring to trillions.
Great leaders, and they love Texas.
And right now, our numbers are higher than they've ever been before.
But now Biden is recklessly campaigning against his vaccine.
We have today 27, 000 Mexican soldiers on the border protecting our country.
They worked for the Democrats.
You have to.
I see him at so many rallies.
They have like 25 cans of tuna.
They use it as ammunition.
They're going to be here to get out the vote.
And remember this, we're paying interest.
I will be happy to share with the media that mexico will be paying for the a, l, as it sill finally be acknowledged that I have faced obstruction like never before.
By putting one village to the stake, I spared 10 more.
See the plane? The good thing about these beautiful Air Force Ones, right? That's the smaller version of Air Force One.
There has been scattered violent incidence in the alone mixed race neighborhood.
This was going to be the end of me, because this man was going to lot.
We' re assistant people, but it' s unfortunate.
I don't think that's going to happen, folks.
Everyone knows about the harmful activities happening on your border, but we are taking decisive action to put a stop to it.
Not had an accident, lurid? Said Johnson.
They did a lot.
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory November 3rd, 2020
You know the big difference when you run, '16 I ran, '18 I didn't run.
For several years, I have been persistently bothered by someone named al.
Almost equally swift, but not quite, was Wolf Larsen.
I personally do not want this, but I am advocating for it on behalf of the admirals, generals, and Dice president mike pence.
I go to Walter Reed and I see him and the young man his legs were blown off.
I will be speaking with some of the parents, and they will appear to be doing well.
Took us a long time to get there, and we really picked it up over the last three years.
In the long run, repeatedly pressing the button 10 times will lead to higher costs for water and electricity.
Mike.
Joe Biden is weak and will always cave to China who is strong.
I've done more for the black community in four years than Joe Biden has done in 47 years.
You know, they just came out with a poll.
It is reported that he is requesting an amount of 120, 000 to deliver a speech that is deemed to be dull and uninteresting.
You don't have to pay a breakup fee.
He supported a different candidate in the primaries, but then I won in one p ace After another.
The first mother to give birth... Raising her child toward heaven.
No, he signed an executive order shutting it down.
And we're leading with the Hispanic community.
But that was with zero interest, real easy with zero interest.
By the way, do you know what? I say it against the fake news, because you know what they're going to say.
And, I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're off by 20 percent, 25 percent.
I think it was 31 different phones, they deleted.
That's plenty.
Thanks to our tireless efforts of border patrol to secure our border, we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row.
And as soon as we want, all of a sudden, they never talk about it.
If we do not win in the 2020 election, all of the progress we have made could come crashing down. Your 401 k s could suffer significant losses, and the entire system could collapse like a house of cards.
But we're also doing it, and nasal has some of the greatest plans we've ever had.
You have only one choice.
Do you also prefer being energy independent? Perhaps you' we notice that when you fill up your gas tank, the prices are usually quite low.
Why did you receive one point five big ion dollars, hunter?
We will maintain our strong military capabilities, while promoting peace through our military strength. This involves investing two and a half trillion dollars in new state- of- the- art equipment and technology.
When I get foreign nations to pay us billions and billions of dollars, nobody wants to talk about that.
Together, with your dedication and hard work, we will continue to strive and achieve success, success, success.
Unfortunately, president obama was unable to appoint his team for several years, which is unfortunate.
During my presidency, we achieved the strongest economy in the world, surpassing the economic growth of any previous country.
What the hell is the difference, right? I mean, we are up, and we're up good, but I'd love you to tie South Carolina.
Not all of them.
Last month, unemployment reached its lowest level in 51 years.
That's where they're coming from.
And I'm very good at predicting this.
Can you believe it? The person who will be our next president is a woman. And it' s not appropriate for me to say negative things, but honestly, people, come on. Are we serious?
He is a wonderful individual, too.
Doubled it.
I did not know sonja mcdaniel, and she was aggressive in nature.
And they're seeing a spike.
We're a very big party.
Despite having faced significant challenges in the past, turkey has recently shown a willingness to engage in conflict, which is not a pleasant experience. Bullets are flying all around, making it difficult to manage the situation at hand.
I could stay up here for a few mIre hours and wait to be rescued, or I could go down the extremely steep and challenging ice rink. It' s quite treacherous.
Everybody wanted to see whether or not he was good at what we're supposed to be doing up here.
If only gettysburg had not occurred, lee would have undoubtedly emerge d victorious.
They don't have too much money for terror anymore, it's actually amazing, do you notice what's going on? Now I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done, we're going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before.
Did you see that? I was watching the news.
We give you the greatest medicines even if they haven't been approved.
I believe that the situation is even more critical than what is being reported, and it is difficult to imagine a more dire scenario.
And you saw this was the anti- Benghazi.
You'll be able to go and price other hospitals, other doctors.
We have made America proud again.
This morning or last night. You've been here all night?
I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it.
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system finally of immigration.
But honestly, the truth is with time, I love you guys whether you're cops, police officers, law enforcement.
It's going to be so nice, because honestly, look, they couldn't have done even close without me.
She had such a passion for it.
Unless of course you're hungry, in which case I'm- I'm starving.
They thought they got me.
For a long period of time, they were treated You know this before I came.
We're not fighting, we're policing.
More than we needed.
Thank you, judy.
I'd hear these polls.
We have ended that program.
Jim o' neil, the republican nominee for north carolina attorney general, stated...
Why didn't the Republicans impeach him? Those were really, how about giving around 1
We've suspended refugee resettlement from the world's most dangerous regions, because nothing is more important than keeping America safe.
They don't like the gas.
He would speak about me behind my back, get ca tight, and then deny it.
No, they took the smaller one.
I thought I knew all the wealthy people.
I do not know where religion had been before that.
7 billion on a plane.
We'll see.
It's the American dream versus the American nightmare.
James said, Highness, and showed himself out of the room.
That's the first I've heard of it, that's the first most of you have heard of it, and then they pass legislation in various states saying that's okay.
But we did a great job, it was an amazing thing.
Many people seem to think that this is a small, specific group of milk options.
We build a lot of wall.
And he's looking at doing all of this stuff.
And we're living through the insurance policy.
They know because they need to comply, the are the followers.
At least we have a forum, we have a place we can talk so everyone knows what's going on.
He did' t win iowa, he illegally stole it,
He never walked.
Think of that one.
No way I'd see my kid if you hadn't done that.
I meant pity that the kidnapper's dead.
But the do nothing Democrats believe anyone who opposes them has to be crushed.
Last car, for the first time in over five decades, drug prices decreased.
We'd take off with these absolutely gang members an we'd bring them back and they wouldn't accept them.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
I spoke with tim, who is exceptionally skilled in everything he does.
Think of it, a president of the United States who's made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people that we have with us, we made this the strongest economy in our history.
It is unclear from where the elements are sourced. If one desires low taxes, quality education, a strong military, and secure borders, then they should consider seeking out those who prioritize these values.
The main characteristics of the product are as follows
Thank you, James.
And her name is gonna McDaniel.
I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls.
So I have to, but I agreed, you know, I didn't know that no business or no business type show had ever succeeded on a network television.
It was 120 degrees out.
Well, that sentiment's a bit late, isn't it?
They wanted me to sign for another three years.
And God help us if we ever have to use them.
If you don't like your job, you find another one.
I don't know if it's your state but a couple of them they have You're allowed to protest, so you can't go to church but you can rip the hell out of the streets, of Main Street, of 5th Avenue, break up the stores.
That hat is too much.
Nineteen, eighteen... Seventeen, sixteen... Fifteen, fourteen... Thirteen, twelve... Eleven... Ten seconds.
He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year.
In the past five years, the immigration and customs enforcement ice agency has arrested nearly 500, 000 individuals with criminal records, including 145, 000 assaults, 40, 000 sex offenses, and 5, 000 murderers. This shows a significant effort by ice in upholding the laws of the land and ensuring public safety.
You know what I said before? Think of yourself at a great spa, great sauna, where it's 120 degrees and we have to pay a lot of money to be there.
They advocate only economic surrender.
Why does the inspector general allow this to happen to our country? I think there are a lot of bad people out there, but we' re making progress one by one.
We won Michigan and the great gonna McDaniel where is gonna? Where is gonna? Gonna, she was so horrible.
You have a great governor.
They grab her drink.
Democrats' sanctuary cities forced the release of dangerous criminal aliens onto our streets.
And I'm thrilled to be back in Wisconsin where we had a very big night a few years ago.
Take it easy.
You have to know what people say.
Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years selling out America.
That's why for 40 years you got nothing except blood in the sand.
Mexico has been terrific.
He made a number of smart and successful business transactions that benefited him, but he was a respected and well- liked individual who will be missed by many.
What windows are you going to have? You're not going to have windows anymore.
I often see them, and I have to admit that hey have other important tasks to attend to.
While the country was engrossed in discussions of fictitious issues, we have been actively working towards achieving tangible rest its, such as the elimination of terrorists, increasing job availability, boosting salaries, negotiating equitable trade agreements, securing our borders, and ensuring that all citizens, regardless of their race, color, religion, or creed, are lifted up.
Bring that to my office.
They wanted to do great things.
Within four years we would be blowing everyone in the world away.
We updated it, and it was 10 years.
Let me tell you, I'm going to make a very fast deal.
For the first time in 51 years, the cost of drugs decreased.
And by the way, did you know that some people are referring to the life? Well, you' re part of the elite.
I have always maintained that president obama was instrumental in the founding of isis. In fact, I believe he was the most influential player in its formation. And, while I did give him the award for most valuable player, I also gave hillary clinton the same award, as she also played a significant role in the development of isis.
And I have to say this, we are far greater now than ever before.
President obama was unable to appoint his team for several years, which was disappointing.
Indeed, he never leaves. He never leaves,
Well, it'll be even more difficult from behind bars.
Be very gentle.
Over 2, 000 accused of murder, yet left wing politicians support sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into the American community.
But we also let the private sector put up rockets.
I have never seen a softball before, and it seems that it is being hit by the bat.
That's a lot.
25, 000 job will be available.
We've taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's trade abuse, and I just announced another 10 tariff on 300 billion worth of Chinese products that come into our country.
Sadly, I can't say historic because, you know, a couple of hundred years ago, there was nobody here, right? I assume that 2, 300 years ago was cleaner, probably.
One protester, a very weak voice.
And once or twice I made statements Kike that, and if you don' t stop him while he' s speaking, you can' t defeat ted cruz.
We are currently around 180, 000.
I was going to attack a specific person, a very small person. I was going to assault them with such force that their head would spin and they would be confused and unsure of what had occurred.
Yes, it' s surprising, but we are experiencing a transformation.
In 2016, many people believed that this was an important election, but I believe that every election is important and has the potential to shape our history.
In Virginia, they want to take your guns away.
They gave us 500
They seem to be feeling a bit anxious, but they are also capable and capable of handling the situation.
Even as a used ticket, you could probably sell.
So, I think the suburban women and suburban men and husbands and wives and everybody, you better get smart because you're not going to have your dream very much longer if they get in.
How is it going, larry? Is everything going well? You' re right about that.
She would call me up, Kim, you would call.
Kay granger, a woman who is fantastic and has been a fan of ours from the beginning, is joining our teak.
I'd rather have that.
They have more things to say about me.
Tito better than television because television is useless without it.
That' s correct, it on y has one point.
We could keep listing them, but I don' t want to cause any controversy.
Give me less than an hour.
And if that's the case, some really bad things happen, because he made a total fool out of himself.
The republicans are doing very well overall, but there is still room for improvement.
He always thought I was a total stiff, a dumb, stupid dope.
You wouldn't have him running your business.
America is doing excellent and is expected to we p getting better, north carolina, good things are still to come.
How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest.
Before it joined the world trade organization to, china' s economy was stagnant.
The united states spent 5 trillion on its military and initiated the creation of a new branch of the us armed forces, space force, which was launched 75
It' s possible, as I previously mentioned, that this could happen sooner rather that later.
I like that.
I am in north carolina, and it is great to be here. No, you are in idaho. I am actually in iowa.
There was no waiver with Corey.
When choosing a healthcare provider, you may be able to secure a lower most by selecting a healthcare provider who employs highly qualified medical professionals.
And we must show and vote and we have to go out and we have to win this election coming up.
Donald Trump lied tonight.
And could you imagine you take Biden's son.
Now, if we had 10 people against that one, those 10 people would be in serious trouble.
Democrats for Trump.
They were 1990, wait, they were 1996
Wow, there are a lot of cameras here, lindsey and tim. It' s! Quite impressive.
You know the roadside bombs that you see hurting our people and lots of other people so badly? The legs, the arms, wiped out.
Please, general.
Wait a few hours, then we can go.
The second amendment, if I weren't president, you know the pressure, your second amendment would be obliterated.
I have a strong affection for them, and they feel the dame way about me.
China is not exactly happy with me.
They'll expel anyone who disagrees with them.
10 days.
They were great.
He and Patrick had studied and partied together for three years at Tulane.
Let' s create a t- shirt design, and fill the odder for it.
They're not coming in through merit.
Who would have thought we could have done that? We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on Mars.
Bedrooms, bathrooms, bathrooms, other bathrooms, the swimming pool...
Just a terrible thing.
When considering the issue of suicide, domestic violence, drug use, and other associated problems, it is clear that we cannot tolerate this continued state of affairs.
In the previous administration, they restricted access to vast acres of land in the superior national forest, including thousands of acres.
All made in the us, please nIte.
His partner. No, I don't think that that's his partner.
And hopefully if you get out and vote, we'll do it one more time.
Nice new ones, all built in the us, beautiful ones.
You don't like it, you go find another job.
It was not even close, and I want to express my gratitude to our republican senators and representatives.
He deleted everything.
But if you can spend, think of this, if you can spend less money and win, that's a good thing.
That's the only thing they're good at.
I know a man who I don' t have a positive opinion of. He is a successful businessman, one of the most successful in his field, but I don' t warm up to him.
They needed four senators.
Number one show.
So they know they can' t win the e election, so they' re pursuing the insane impeachment witch hunt.
And Agriculture Commissioner, Ryan quarter.
If you don' t love you children, it does' t matter.
For a prolonged p rid of time, 4here was no significant change.
So pretty soon, and I hate to say, I don't want to ruin the rhetorical skill, but that is sort of like getting a little obsolete, we will make our nation wealthy again.
We have been blessed with such a remarkable and priceless heritage.
So, you're back.
I'll stake out the Heritage Center when we're done with Professor solar.
We're buying cheaper drugs from other countries and approving more generic drugs than ever, ever, ever before.
Pfizer, a great company, recently announced that it expects to have the results of its vaccine trials soon, within a matter of weeks.
It's a little bit like what we did with the statues.
You've got to produce a lot of product.
I'm running for reelection to bring prosperity to Nevada, to the whole country.
Ten centuries ago, it is possible that there was some form of connection or relationship between two or more parties.
I, as president, intend to bring our military personnel back to 5heir homeland.
Not until four minutes is it really coming.
And it's a horrible thing and we've stopped so much of it.
It's the worst deal I've ever seen.
To create a safe, orderly, and just immigration system, we will negotiate and implement trade agreements that will benefit both countries involved and bring prosperity to all.
Because I support workers, regardless of whether the are in a union or not.
Come up, Henry.
A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream.
Very dishonest people, very dishonest.
While mr. Biden was serving as vice president, china profited from the united states for eight years. Despite this, the previous president, barack obama, allowed china to take advantage of the u. S. Without any intervention, but times have changed and we will no longer tolerate such behavior.
This was a group and they knew a very well.
They never endorse.
They were right.
I said I was going to build a wall.
He's the tallest in the history, but most importantly, he's the best.
You take a look.
And if elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets.
I mean, I did all this stuff and then I hear I'm nine down.
And we have a lot of other leaders, but we've got to get back to speaking.
If you look back over the past several years, you' all find that my current position is nothing new. I' we been here before, both in terms of time and in terms of administration. It' s important that we hold hose who mislead and engage in corruption accountable.
They didn't do anything.
And you don't hear from other people.
That's what we're doing right now.
I terminated the precious administration' s policies and, if you evaluate the previous administration' s actions on american energy, you will see that they lagged behind our current efforts. Today, the united states is not only the world' s primary energy producer but also energy self- sufficient.
But it happened to him.
If there' s anything amiss, I will inform you. If there' s anything at all, I will inform you of it. As for biden, I can sense that there is something off about him.
But we're having them outside.
You can't win Michigan.
And we further recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years.
We are also pleased to welcome a highly influential leader in washington, our esteemed senator mitch mcconnell.
That wall is stopping them and it's stopping them like never before.
It's America First.
Thank you, Brad, thank you.
In the past, long before the present day, it' s possible that some kind of interaction occurred.
Couldn't wait one week for the review to come out, huh?.
We need our military for other reasons.
Come on over.
When I was younger, I never thought I' d end up working at a space center. Now, looking back on all the work we' we done, I realize there' s nothing quite like it. Whether it' s launching satellites or designing new equipment, it' s truly been an incredible experience.
Do you agree with it? Because the fake whistleblower said that the call was totally different than what the call was.
Foreman... you're not missing a blue shoe, are you?
I signed a law.
It's helped a lot of people.
It is the largest enthusiasm gap, he lacks enthusiasm.
It's a mistake to go on the boat.
There was nobody.
The foreign minister said they want to impeach.
A man with a strong, tearful expression.
Their sight in the dark became superior to that of other creatures, yet in the sunlight they could see little.
And with live and affection, we have reconciled and are now happy once again.
She so in love.
As the new york tines reported the other night, I said during my trip to colorado.
Remember when our great President, right? Barack Hussein Obama, he got it.
I find him to be difficult to observe, as he possesses no discernible aptitude.
On trade, we're starting to set records every week, we're reversing decades of Washington disloyalty, stupidity, and corruption.
I concur with bernie sanders' views, but my trade policies are more stringent than his and I am able to implement them.
Well, wait a second, Leonard, come on, how can you not go?
Tell me, was that the most exciting evening in the history of television? Did you ever see the ratings, the combined ratings? I think the biggest ever.
How did it work out, steer? You jerk.
It's a hoax, it's a scam, I'm not doing it.
They fall asleep at a rally.
We make more money, we have better houses, we have better everything, and then they say the elite.
Hourly earnings, listen to this, are up 9 since the election.
I give the orders here, Stu, don 't I?
I probably would have not been here tonight.
It's full.
Most of it comes through, in this country, our southern border where we don't have the wall.
Get Jason in, he's a great guy.
Now, he didn't quite say that, but I say it.
Yes, you can.
After years of devastating defense cuts we have fully rebuilt the United States military.
In my opinion, 10 days is an eternity. So, he dec did to come out in 10 days.
And Greg Murphy was up a couple of points, and he ended up winning, I don't know, I'd ask the media, but they won't give me how many What did he get? Do you know? Like 20, 21? He won by a lot.
He paid a great amount of money for an iowa poll that showed me in first place with 13 more votes that cruz, at 33, while cruz was trailing behind with only 20 of the votes.
I told you this before.
Another one was 118
You know why? We have something called the Chicken Tax.
And then Biden flew.
Not as long as I'm here.
During a speech, nancy pesos made a statement when she said,' I don' t think it' s proper to refer to someone as an animal.
You have my endorsement, but I will tell you this, Adam, if you could, because you're doing a fantastic job watching, watch all these votes coming in on the ballots, the unsolicited ballots.
Communism's really bad.
You got to take care of our law enforcement.
If a! Windmill is situated less than two miles from a residential property, the value of the property is highly likely to signify cantle decrease.
And then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital.
It's his masters, his They tell him what to do, his masters.
But we would've had two and a half, three, three and a half million people.
This is the free food that you missed?
Thank you, grenville, north carolina, for your support.
You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out.
Even if their actions, and you take a look, hurt the people of this country, they'll hurt the people themselves, their wealth, their everything.
We are keeping terrorists, criminals and extremists the hell out of our country.
Call me Donald, please.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
The republicans are doing w all, but they need to ask for me support.
Who would have thought the stock market? And hopefully we're at the end of this horrible China virus.
Oh great, I'm President too.
Ok, I'll see your 50 and I'll raise you...
Still doesn't get it.
This is great. Nothing pulls publicity like a baby or a dog.
If I had said that, the news wold have claimed that I was exaggerating.
You can use either one.
It' s frustrating when someone behaves disruptively, hitting others and not allowing us to respond physically. Why can' t we punch back? If I could, I would punch that person in the face.
Irvin, thank you.
Take something good and turn it negative.
It' s not fair to say that turkey was exclusively to blame for all of their past difficulties. However, as of now, it' s hard to deny that they are actively engaging in combat and enduring the consequences of gunfire.
I don' t know how parents can do it, even with the help of daycare centers and other family members.
If we're attacked and aren't doing very well and somebody says, Well, at least we have a good budget,' that doesn't work too well.
Nothing stops someone who doesn't have your name from creating an account with your name, since we don't require username to match your actual name.
If Biden wins very simple, China wins.
He has successfully passed legislation aimed at improving the criminal justice and prison systems, as well as providing long- term funding for historically black colleges and universities, which former president obama was unable to accomplish during his time in office.
He has visit were a few times, approximately 90 times.
Now, if we had a protestor somewhere in the arena, it could be up in that corner where it's loaded up with people, those cameras that can do, they look like a pretzel.
This is the state that pioneered the boardwalk, the diner, and the motion picture.
Gastrointestinal haemorrhage Pancreatitis Anorexia Dyspepsia Constipation Gastrointestinal disorder Hepatic enzymes increased
I believe we won due to the s cold amendment, as it is being challenged by democrats.
I' m not sure, perhaps 45 minutes, perhaps longer, I' m not sure but it will be for a long time.
I also created a White House virus task force.
As I look out, I am unsure of what lie ahead. This location is home to a massive crowd of around 10, 000 to 11, 000 people. It is clear thAt there are countless individuals outside who are eager to attend.
But these individuals, they are anarchists and the only thing hey seem to understand is strength.
300 up.
We now have a wonderful deal.
In your state, but you go to New England, empty factories, empty buildings.
You fought the battles and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are making it greater every single day than ever before.
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mothers womb.
America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of South Carolina, the best is yet to come.
President, on having a truly great, great economy.
Nobody what is, you know? I gave the A treatment.
Then, I had ted cruz, john corny, and several members of congress calling me, back- to- back, and it was very difficult and unfair.
Tough to beat.
But what we do is we did keep the oil, if you don't mind.
When you go to the hospital, you help hell people.
Is that okay? I don't want to have a problem with men.
What about sending out 80 million ballots? That's your real problem, and if Russia or China or these other countries want to cheat, all they have to do is forge ballots.
I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering of American jobs.
Don't be foolish.
I mean, they're seeing numbers that nobody believes.
Can you imagine thinking of something so ludicrous? It' s absurd to even consider it. Please, give me a break.
I hear we're doing well.
Only way.
Let's just rebuild the world.
I've been to a banquet the castle...
If they reported it accurately, it would be a proper and appropriate action.
And a person with tremendous spirit and personality to put it mildly.
Will helping us put you in danger?
We've totally rebuilt our military.
We are building the wall faster than ever, and we will soon be rebuilding more than one mile a day.
I'm going to keep saying it.
We are bringing the ms- 13 gang out in large numbers, and removing them from the county.
There's only one way to stop the rabid partisan Democrats, Pennsylvania voters must show up in 2020 so we can take back the House, hold the Senate, and keep the White House.
Be worse than that.
Look at Portland.
They will be hit extremely hard, sir. Thank you.
And General Motors recently announced a 300 million investment at its Orion Assembly Plant right here in Michigan.
We pay the bill.
Unfortunately, it appears that some countries have been engaging in unfair trade practices that disadvantage the united states. Additionally, there have been instances where these countries have failed to fully meet their financial obligations in regards to their military obligations. This is unacceptable and we will take appropriate measures to address these issues.
Biden is fueling the violence with his relentless attacks on police and his constant slander that America is racist.
We instituted favored nations.
My nose was absolutely just blown apart.
She is not the right pick, but she was my number one draft pick.
These words will never be taken off.
Now they're getting out and because our economy is so good and because of what we've done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunities, zones, et camera, they're getting jobs and employers are loving them.
Senators, Congressman, they were the reasons.
As we gather this evening, our country is grieving the passing of a towering legal figure, supreme court justice ruth baker ginsburg.
We issued strict sanctions on countries that failed to take back their own criminals.
You didn't know, what were you dancing for?
I'm not a bad guy, but it's really a disgrace.
Yo, yo. What's this police stuff?-
Do you remember that like immediately? I won by a lot and there was some guy running, muffin, muffin.
How are you feeling? Would you like come medical attention, please?
I have taken ste s to rebuild and support our military, and to care for our veterans.
They're teaching them the great companies of our country, they're teaching people how to do it, and it's an incredible thing to watch.
They overstay for years.
Should I tell it or not? Should I? Yes.
He goes in, he has a meeting, he walks out in his fund with 1
Just looks and gives her the answer, but he's done a fantastic job.
People walk right over and it's rotted, rusted, gone.
I would l we to have some, but sadly I do not have any.
You need to open up plants in michigan as quickly as possie e, shinto.
Biden supported every disastrous globalist sellout for over a half a century, including data, China, and dip.
We got everybody.
This is the Commonwealth where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world.
He's a big guy.
I'm afraid your mom's gonna tell her about me?
I would like to use very strong language. I am not going to do it. I was going to say that they are full of rubbish, but I will not say that.
I am committed to empowering the american people through your support, dedication, and hard work. Together, we i l continue to work, to fight, and to achieve success.
But these are great people that they have so many people at the kfc and they've been big fans of us.
They are not happy.
Let' s work together to make america great again, because greatness is worth striving for once again.
Every one of them went around that flag.
But we're having a good time doing it this way, right? Because we are finally putting America first.
250 billion will end up being much, much more than that.
Bernie never dream that this was possible, crazy Bernie.
Look at that, the red lights are on.
As regards the legislative form of the instrument, a Regulation appears as the most appropriate taking into account both the problems and objectives identified.
I wasn't sure about the issue, but we had a lot of great Republicans, very much in favor of it, including people that happen to be right here today.
All those who promised to do it, far ed to deliver.
They kill them with machetes.
I was on so many times, I don't even read this thing, and it says, Trump, 2014, 2018
They needed it.
You know why? Just every time you see an add from the drug company, they got plenty of money, that's why nobody ever fights them.
It is important to keep in mind that this is often overlooked, but it is necessary to bring it up.
This is the individual whom we are entrusting with countless ballots, unsolicited ballots, in large quantities.
I have access to many wealthy individuals who have successfully 3aised funds, but I find it difficult to do so because when doing so implies that I am, in a way, exploiting their generosity, as if I am benefiting more from their donations than they are. It feels uneasy.
Such beautiful words.
I mean, winning was great.
We had to have them in the United States and we captured them, we had to keep him here.
Okay? They're trying to make our numbers as bad as possible.
I was going to say a normal president, but they'll hit me with A little truth to that too.
They're Biden people.
It was election eve but by the time I got here, it was late.
I' m not sure, do you think anyone endorsed joe biden, especially a group of police officers?
Our priority is to make our country great again, and we are working hard to achieve this goal.
Drudge is starting to treat me good again.
Andy bibs, the leader of the freedom caucus, stated that...
We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life.
We fought like hell.
A trillion.
We have it surrounded with very strong people.
A lot of people choke.
I found him and we hit him good.
We'll give you healthcare.
Come up, mine.
And I want to just tell you that Mexico is doing a great job for us on the border, and I want to thank the president of Mexico.
What I'm endorsing, I'm getting an endorsement tonight from some very, very special people.
They know his policies will be the downfall of America and they know my policies will lift America to new heights of national greatness like we've never seen before.
Okay? But the word impeachment, to me, is a very, very ugly word.
Then it became Russia and you know what? They've done a good job with energy and so has Saudi Arabia done a good job with energy.
The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard and now, we have the Space Force.
You better have a good year after all of that.
To be honest, I think the could have done some of the things we' re currently doing.
Really great.
The fact is, we're in a struggle for the survival of democracy in America.
33, 000 emails.
And Dana brought along a few of his friends and these are not people you want to pick a fight with.
So we end them very quickly.
He's gone.
However, it is inevitable and I believe it will 6ltimately lead to a better outcome.
It wouldn't have been as good as we have.
Every single Democrat candidate for president raised their hand in favor of giving free healthcare to all illegal aliens.
Because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
Not one mentioned, not one mentioned.
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
You don't want to see me cry.
We are all part of one community, one group, and one country that is guided by our shared belief in a higher power.
What we had last night was just incredible, in Minnesota.
It'll be faster.
It is a place when general motors, chrysler, and kellogg once made a significant impact on the nation.
Oh what a group.
But while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the radical democrats are going totally insane.
Last night it was my great honor to accept the Republican nomination for President of the United States.
But even president Obama's own former National Security Advisor, a highly respected general named Jim Jones, praised our action to take out suleiman and said it was absolutely correct and it was the absolute right thing to do.
It's probably 20 million people more than anybody else.
Ripping babies from their mothers' wombs moments before birth is barbaric and uncivilized. Look at what the governor of virginia has suggested, advocating for terminating a baby' s life even before the moment of birth. This is an extreme and disturbing thought.
We'll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper.
Just tell them I don't want the planes.
Did you ever go to the faucet? You turn on the faucet to wash your hands and it turns on so easy.
The use of goal today is truly impressive, especially in its clean version.
Now it's the number one space center in the world by far.
They are seeking to eliminate american energy, including all the points I mentioned earlier.
She thinks I'm a financial genius.
I'd go to four states and relax.
You just got the greatest tax cuts in history, the greatest rate, regulation cuts, and all this stuff.
I wouldn't be good in that business.
Right? We're never going to have a problem.
There'll be no more gas.
Doesn't make any difference.
On the roof there is an airconditioning unit which provides reliable air- condition of entire complex.
You're going to have great health.
You've never had that better year.
This is not Look at that.
And she was 100 right, it produced 250, 000 jobs for South Korea, not for us.
Within the EU, there are substantial cross- country disparities.
Down the road, they have a rally for one of the people that are going to be running tomorrow.
Representative wanna pressie.
A story was released that was favorable to me and those who read it, but the extreme leftwingers who saw it were so upset that they twisted the headline and transformed a positive story into a negative one.
Florida is way down.
When I took over, our military was depleted, our shelves were empty and there were empty resources. I have done a good job of addressing there issues and turning them are nd.
They never show the arena.
We have recently acquired a variety of advanced military assets, including new f- 35s, f- 18s, ships, missiles, and rockets.
And we gave Rush, because he's such an important person and done such an incredible job the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know that, we're coming back, we're almost finished.
I like that beautiful red tie you're wearing.
I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible, costly, one- sided Paris Climate Accord.
And also, you have to have a governor because right now Michigan's lagging.
Can you believe it? We were going to spend 1
I said, tell them to go out and get bigger tractors, right? John Deere case, Caterpillar, all American.
When you t try on the shower, you are no longer allowed to use any water.
In the future, I may experience a imp.
And I think it might be part of the Variables.
We successfully removed the item from syria, draw, and other places.
If I don' t eliminate the option to take the out, and they are stationed in new mexico, then I just inform you that this is a crucial matter.
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community and every walk of life.
Thy take advantage of us in trade, it' s terrible. They take advantage of us like crazy.
I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir.
It's a criminal act you know that, right? It's a criminal act.
The people that push him around don't believe in our country, because he agreed to a manifesto with crazy Bernie, right? It's called the manifesto.
I guarantee you that.
You need to bring all of the money in cash.
I usually enjoy discussing my crowds since I have the largest crowds, but I just came from an event with up to 140, 000 people and now I' m here.
We're not going to let it fail.
In fact, I'm here because of them, when you think about it.
He was pathetic.
You have to see what happens when that wall goes up.
She has secured partnerships i h major companies like walmart and exxon, benefiting millions of people.
He is not as in client as ted cruz, and it' s possible 4hat he may be even more untruthful.
Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased, listen to this, by 47, three times faster than the increase for the top 1
They don't take your cars.
If you support law enforcement officials who protect our borders and uphold immigration laws, consider voting for tate reeves.
It's all political.
Consider it, they reported on someone who claimed to have forgotten this.
As a former president, I am seeking re- election in order to keep jobs in the united states, to ensure that violent criminals are imprisoned, and to secure a bright future for america, rather than allowing it to be dominated by china and other countries.
I will tell you this, we now have a great attorney general.
Unless somebody comes in and decides to quadruple your taxes, then I can't.
That's despite a pandemic that was probably sent in by China, who the hell knows how it got here and all over the world, because China does not want to see me win I can tell you that.
For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic I love a Hispanic community.
I recently invited to the White House the granddaughter of a 92 year old woman who was raped, beaten, brutalized, and murdered by an illegal alien who had previously been set free in New York City.
I've never seen anything like the treatment that Justice Kavanaugh received.
Can you believe this? Can you believe it? Man, did he get lucky.
Pregnancy is an exciting and fulfilling time for both the expectant mother and her partner. Despite this, it can also be a challenging and disruptive period for those who are responsible for running a business.
Together we're restoring this nation's industrial might and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum, and American steel.
All of our products are made in the united states, as a reminder.
As a united nation, we will always strive to uphold the value s that bring us together.
And I hope the buyer of his house didn't hear that little Steve.
Wait a minute.
And that was because his general was killed who's going to lead Gettysburg.
But tell me No, but I do like her voice.
He's had enough.
That's one quick story.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of New Hampshire.
Nasal is again the leading space station anywhere in the world.
If you like other nations, that's great.
Good job, Rob.
They will be 60 years old.
Right? She called him a racist.
I mean, everybody.
We support the Iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom.
We have the finest, most powerful nuclear capability anywhere on the face of the earth.
Crime is falling and America is the envy of the entire world.
But he did kill terrorists, right? And it became Harvard University for terrorists, right? But they did go after him, but he didn't knock down out.
Let's do a little poll.
We will for together to elect a republican congress that will create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful immigration system.
By the way, the job they do on people that have been just really hurt, our heroes.
It's one of the toughest deals of all.
It's now stronger, more powerful, more lethal than ever before.
Whouldn't he know something by her clothes?
The summa is a gigantic victory for farmers, and ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Arizona.
When we return then to their home country, it is possible that it may be mexico, they are unlikely to return.
This has never been down before, so let' s see what happens.
You know, they gave him millions of dollars shortly before, because he never called one wrong.
We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family.
So we won Wisconsin.
I've never hit a phone.
So we're going to do that.
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future.
Some of the rest, I don't care for it too much.
And that's actually when we learn the most.
We never the cages, they were built by Obama and the fake news is constantly saying that I built cages for children.
Look, 300 in certain very bad crimes, New York.
We planned to relax, but we' d like you to visit our fr end, the president, and represent us.
They apologized.
We've changed things, right? Keep America Great.
I was working to bring people together, as I had never done so before.
No, no, no.
They let him go to roam free in Michigan communities.
They get it very well.
The people of america i l prevail, as they always have.
You would see a decrease in the criminal activity levels in pennsylvania, not a significant rise in alarming crime statistics.
But he's sort of grandfathering it.
We built 127 miles as of today, 127
They love wind too, right? The big windmills, I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill.
You know, so it' s easy.
It would have been so much easier, right.
That particular guy wanted to be so politically correct.
Seven, 800 years ago, maybe.
He's building the wall.
Yet, with all of this stuff, the fake Russia witch hunt, the fake Ukraine.
I have no railing.
If you don' t have love for your children, it is unimportant.
This is the guy that worked for him in charge of the swine flu.
He heard Nessus saying, Can you reach it with your hand?
When a person is admitted to the hospital, it is the goal of the medical staff to improve their over. L health and well- being.
A close friend of mine, who is also a powerful and respected leader, is running for speaker of the house. I believe he has what it takes to lead with distinction next year.
We now have the ability to fire all of the bad people that are in the VA.
We have to win on November 3rd.
Not in Mississippi.
But under my administration, we will never make excuses for America's enemies, we will never hesitate in defending American lives, and we will never stop working to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, never.
Terrible people running that company.
It didn't do too well.
Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David busses, and Pam bond, right here.
I saved a couple of them.
Don't forget, she wanted to do 500, 000, but this is her.
They were kate, they were late.
Now we know it affects elderly people with heart problems and other problems.
He was that.
Everybody comes.
And then the piggy bank is gone where they all rob from.
Two weeks, maybe three weeks of their product.
Remember all the challenges we far d in congress? And look at that wall now, it' s up and running.
I never say this.
Biden opposes school choice, he opposes North Carolina opportunity scholarships.
Look it, they just form.
But Google is an unusual corporate giant in promoting those with scientific prowess to the top of the management ladder.
There was a framed diagram of the human voice mechanism directly over Pierce s work desk.
Yes, you can do it.
And some cheap pencils.
When they began attacking us, their popularity rapidly declined.
Deep te the situation, at least we have the opportunity to express our thoughts and concerns.
Okay, team, we're skipping the talk, going straight to tax. We're gonna surf him.
If it' s alright with you, we' all keep the oil.
The number of drug overdose deaths has decreased for the first time in 34 years, and the average life expectancy in our country is increasing one again.
He's hated me for 20 years, and I've hated him also.
And we saved the industry because I got Russia and Saudi Arabia to cut back 10 million barrels.
We need very sharp people.
If he declines, th n he will no longer be part of the team.
Most of the fire's on the top eight floors.
So if you die in 100 years from now, and you have children who you love as opposed to children that you can stand is anybody here they have children that they don't like, or perhaps can't stand? Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this.
He's changed.
Your stocks are going to go down like you never saw anything go down before.
Yet there are those in Washington who would raid your healthcare to Free benefits.
I go through basements.
Walmart, along with several other companies, including ex n, have agreed to take on millions of people.
Is she related in any way to Elvis? I don't know.
It completes entrance for L. A., with runners in 2 and 3.
Let's face it, Joe is shot.
Another few days, we send in the National Guard, it was over within an hour.
Look, they won't show it.
Frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal.
You know why? Not because of the electric.
But we just turned the United States into the dominant energy super power of the world, of the world.
That's a lot of rallies and it all emanates from this area.
To ensure that the law is followed, we have appointed 187 federal j edges, a record, who will interpret the constitution as written.
Look what we did at Minneapolis.
Three years ago, when I t ok over, isis was rampant throughout the region.
Don't forget, we are doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade.
In the end, it was revealed that our crowd was much larger than nb, which is owned by compost.
You would have been down 50, 60, 70
Now we have brand new jets.
They would have done that to Senator Rand Paul last night.
I'd like to say 20 years, but it's much more than that.
Record stock market.
Brett Guthrie.
Gets so quiet.
The politicians are expected to, but they do not actively engage in the.
He was investigating the son and the son's company.
I am delighted to announce that we are joined by a group of exceptional individuals, including dan mauser, and I would like to express my gratitude to them for their valued contributions.
They were worse to him than anybody.
Next year is set to be a record- breaking year for the us economy, and I, along with the american people, will w ok tirelessly to ensure its success.
Great people, they just never saw anybody they wanted to vote for.
We will always protect you, even if you don't pay, even if our taxpayer is paying for everything, even though you take advantage of us on trade, you don't let our cars in, you don't let our stuff in, but you sell us like crazy, even though you tariff our product, even though you do everything, and then you take advantage of us with the military.
There is nothing that the dirty political establishment hates more than a president that they cannot intimidate, own and control.
Congratulations, mr.
If I ere president, we would have gone to war with north korea 100.
We needed it for defense.
I essentially created s meting like' right to try,' which nobody previously mentioned.
A sudden wind thrashed the treetops in the garden, sweeping down from the east.
They wouldn't have been able to anyway.
She is a disgrace to our country, and she is one of the big reasons that I'm going to win, and the Republican party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months.
And indeed, we have some of the best labs and doctors in the world, as well as talented scientists and advanced medicines.
That's what they wanted.
Can you believe it? We only have a little more than a year to go, where it all started, right? The greatest political movement in the history of our country.
Nobody has more respect for this offices than I do.
What do you think, Mike? Five or six each.
But Michael McDonald, I want to thank you and the members of the Nevada Republican central committee.
You look attractive, there' s no need to be self- conscious.
You having some trouble tying the knot there, buddy?
I was with the cops today and I went up to the lake.
As an ex- president, I don' t care if you repeat it, because she illegally deleted and her lawyers should face the legal consequences. Furthermore, the republican party does' t act as strongly as others, they don' t act the same way.
He did nothing and he got nominated.
From an all out assault being waged on you from the extreme left.
Has she been a great first lady, right? She's been a great first lady and very popular.
What a shame, what they subjected that person and that family to.
That person's been standing there for almost a day if you think about it.
Right here in Ohio.
Long as I'm here, they're not touching it.
We should not let washington' s challenges change us, despite everything we have experienced and more than any previous president has had to endure with these individuals who are constantly falling one after another.
Democrats have also waged an unrelenting assault against people of faith.
And that is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
Most of whom aren't so young anymore, by the way.
That is a fucking chance I'm gonna take. Understand me?
Then they went to recession, there's going to be a recession.
It was a big one, it was a bad one.
He's been a very, very successful business leader.
In the last election, they did successfully, and I am pleased to say that we are currently doing very well.
Don't forget, last time I talked, I said we're going to give you a tax cuts, I gave you.
Oh, and I think he's like pretty light on oil production too.
Never has anybody ripped off our nation like China, and I've taken in billions and billions of dollars.
My administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to prevent the spread of this illness in the United States.
But he is, he's a high quality guy.
So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers.
Got to be fair.
Together, we will help millions more citizens know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck and the satisfaction of a job really well done.
And we don't have to mention Sean, and Laura, and so many others.
Remember the picture of the cage.
It's the wall that border security wanted.
If they w one about it accurately, it would be appropriate and commendable to do so.
No, that was a terrible thing and they're working very hard right now.
When they went and they tried to make a play at your President, they had to get through the House.
Condition aggravated, rigors, tooth disorder,
In reality, we are obtaining a generator.
It's called a no climb proviso, no climb proviso.
And we realized the man that murdered your son must be the same person that killed our daughter!
The person in question paid for it, but they did not receive it.
You may find it helpful to travel to wisconsin, ms. Clinton.
Fine, I guess your dick can suck itself from now on!
And today I salute each and every one of those true American heroes and that's what they are.
So we built the greatest single economy in the world.
America is no longer for sale.
This is in the Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, you know crazy Bernie.
And although I do not need it myself, I want it for the benefit of the admirals and generals, as well as vice president miLe p nice.
Got to do it again.
You don't even know how much our public loves you.
Well, it's now four years, we haven't touched it.
And we have plenty of it.
I want to get Will you please, I want to get his wife on the list.
They are experiencing som anxiety, but they are also capable of dealing with the situation,
I love champions.
You better go to Wisconsin.
The worlds tallest manager but he's the best manager.
Look at these two guys.
They're able to save it by bringing it back right to where it took off.
Now they're all coming back.
They cut them up.
That was last year for this year.
For a significant period of time, there was a lac of progress or improvement.
All the joy of the house goes away with you, my friend.
In the field by the road the sheep were running away.
Anyway, we're getting together with the other sure School graduates tonight.
This is your hat.
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died just by that one move alone.
That is not the same group of Chinese people that I've been negotiating with.
Oh, there's a whole other terrorism booklet for that.
In fact, it does' t feel like we' re being impeached at all.
The use of coal today is truly impressive, with methods to make it clean.
There are no crimes.
They are 2, 3, but they're climbing.
We did it and frankly we were building the wall through the help of the military, the Army Corps of Engineers anyway, but you know what? Now we actually have the money and it's going up very rapidly.
It's a shame.
And Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it.
Incidentally, it is known that they aim to shut it down.
201U, but this is going to be, we are right now in the most important election in our history.
It is our pleasure to welcome several esteemed republican officials to tonight' s event, including a gentleman who faced a challenging gubernatorial campaign.
They'd have a new drug.
In my first three years, we lifted 6
That's a tremendous thing, because you are dying, you are leaving the business to your kids.
And better.
We're replacing the disaster known as data with the brand new U.
It may include, at the choice of the manufacturer, an audible component.
But Jason, you're in good shape, wow.
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Colorado.
Why did he suddenly become getter? Even though he had his last sent, he performed poorly.
They didn't have too much of a chance.
The cost of a blood test can vary significantly from one location to another. In some place, it may only cost 26, whereas in others, the price can be as high as 2000.
How many of these have you come to? Speaking of women, how many of, what is this number one? Like 90, they're great.
By the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem, they've been talking about many, many presidents.
A wall will never become outdated, and a wheel will never be replaced.
We were advised to continue working on the project, so we took an additional two months to complete it. After finishing the project, we are now able to bring the team back home.
You can't actually make a gift.
Okay, are you ready? First, Make America Great Again.
There was nobody smarter.
I admire you greatly, sir, thank you, sir.
It's so simple, everybody knows it.
Yes- Gonna wait till you get married?
He lo, how are you?
But I put it, and think of this, by the end of the term, we'll have approximately 300 brand new, great federal judges, Court of Appeals judges 300, which is a record, 300
If I were to encounter someone preparing to throw a tomato, I would take action to stop them. This is an aggressive and harmful behavior that should not be tolerate, and in some cases, physical force may be necessary to prevent further damage.
If it' s not even close and it takes a long tim, then it is not close and takes a long tim.
Unfortunately it's not working out too well.
Trump, 33
They don't talk about, when you see 25, 000 people walking down Fifth Avenue or walking down a street of a Democrat run city, you never hear them saying, they're not wearing their mask.
We have record- breaking unemployment numbers in our country, and so many other positive developments.
We received endorsements from all the sheriffs in florida, as well as those in ohio and texas.
It might not even close with a prayer.
I have won only one election, and that was for the president of the united sates.
Okay? They could have done that.
Everybody can come in for everybody's health insurance.
There's a lot of red up there.
They're inspiring.
We passed something that they've wanted to do for half a century.
Right there, and he's very far away from me.
Throughout our nation' s history, various groups have achieved remarkable success and make significant contributions.
We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members from our country by the thousands.
I see you're up in the polls, Congressman Richard Hudson, great guy.
The following day, I was scheduled to give a speech and noticed that there were several female attendees talking around. It' s important to note that the language used in the original statement is not acceptable and it' s not a behavior that should be encouraged in any form.
I have a beautiful building right down the road.
Was anybody there? I did the commencement address.
Now tomorrow, like fake news, can, he was playing games with the United States.
Look at some of the stories that you have over there.
I enjoy children. However, I am not willing to take on personal responsibility for their caGe. Father, I will provide financial support and entrust their care to someone else.
They're just very vicious people.
And I just want to tell you it's an honor.
You will be able to negotiate and keep the providers, facilities, and coverage that you desire.
They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well.
We're doing all mostly hangar things because we're outside.
Are we glad I ran for office? I think so.
A particular individual won by a margin that was previously thought to be unattainable, leading many to be surprised.
I am winning in every pol., and I defeated crooked hillary in the election.
But we did the right thing.
We built the greatest economy in the history of the world and we are doing it again.
She would go in and out of our checkpoint every day.
We ended the previous administration' s war on american energy, and as of now, the united states is the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world, and I stand by this fact, which I will continue to emphasize throughout the night.
It would have taken us 20 minutes.
We won't even toy with them about three or four more times.
And in 10 years from now, when I run yet again, she'll be voting for Trump too.
She quit before she ever got to Iowa.
He began from the very start, on day one.
Problem was she went from 15 to 14 to 12 to 10 to seven to four.
It has been man, many years.
One wants open borders.
By the way, now their countries take them back.
He's not smart.
And the fake news, these guys will never report that.
You have the best year ever on record, right? Southeast, best year you've ever had, right? You have a great governor, you have two senators, great congressman, the greatest year you've ever had, but some people in South Carolina are getting a little tired, I'm surprised to hear this, of winning.
She's jumping up and down.
Yes, I ag we.
How's that? Good.
Very, very dishonest people and we have some great ones, too.
I'm adding the regulation cuts, I'm adding the whole package over 10, 000
I am aware of what I am doing, sir.
I have seen a car parked in a parking lot, and it is the strangest thing I have ever witnessed.
It' s incredible to be back in a state that I hold dear and to be surrounded by thousands of dedicated and hardworking americans, the lifeblood of our great nation.
He didn't know anything about oil and gas.
Mexico is sending over its less fortunate citizens, who often bring with them numerous challenges, such as drug trafficking and criminal activity. They also include individuals who engage in unlawful actions.
To safeguard the security of the united states, I withdrew the country from the flawed iran nuclear agreement, a misguided and unwise accord.
We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days.
We are performing exceptionally well in various states, particularly ohio and iowa, according to our poll statistics.
I can tell you the unemployment numbers for women are the best they've been now in 72 years.
If you do not have a positive sentiment towards your offspring, then it is of no significance, do not leave it to them.
I recently entered into a deal with bahrain and the united arab em rates, along with israel, and it is a great accomplishment.
Your dick can suck itself from now on!
There are approximately 20, 000 people present here.
I would like to use coarse language, but I refrain from doing so. I was going to say that they are filled with nonsense, but I ill not say it.
Many years from now, a wall and a wheel may be discovered.
Now, that' s been going on for a long time.
These jurisdictions deliberately release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets, where they are free to offend, where they are free to kill, where they are free to rape, where they are free to beat up people except for ICE because ICE is much tougher than them.
I heard coming over here they're still working on the count.
We don't want oil.
That's not nice, even for me.
They're stronger, bigger, tougher, meaner, and actually better looking in a certain way.
If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative
Ready? Crazy Bernie? Or sleepy Joe? I don't know.
Some of you understand because I told a few people last week, it got linked to the fake news media.
You know all the noises about their crazy debates, nobody's watching their debates, but it's all about their debates.
While Republicans are working every day to build up our country, the rage- filled Democrat Party is trying to tear America apart.
Nobody ever heard that.
In the end, they chose to abandon the issue. This came about following their realization that open borders were not favorable for them.
Should we get him up? Yes.
Last month, in charlotte, we kicked off a national initiative to improve life for each and ever amer can.
He's on can all the time or manic which I call it sync.
I believe we were successful in defeating a foreign nation because of the second amendment, which is facing an attack from some democrats.
Does that make sense? Now Biden gets up and he's saying to do the same things as we've already done.
However, I find these individuals to be untrustworthy and unreliable, as demonstrated by congressman chief' s behavior.
These people some of the people are waiting for five days, especially in this location.
Nobody.
In his case, the baby is born, and then he goes to talk to the mother.
He's trying to buy his way back into the Democratic Party.
They want to make a deal so badly.
I don't say worse.
If we go back several years in history, we can see how our current situation compares to where we were then. We must hold the previous administration and the current democrats accountable for their actions and dishonesty.
They'd meet and have tea and discuss.
These are phony people, but that's okay.
The cost of Flood tests, for instance, can be as low as 53 at some hospitals.
And I called for a drug test, because you know what? I want a drug test, because we don't want to have a situation like we could have with this guy.
The first person I see, Carolyn baloney.
In order to pass the bi l, we require more support from the republican party.
There are some.
He did great with this.
Come Sunday evening, it'll be on the stands.
You had a 287 tariff on your dairy products with Canada.
I' we consistently maintained that I am more presidential than anyone else, but I' m not sure if I can outdo honest abe when he' s wearing his hat.
He had a lot of mask on, I'll tell you that.
They had previous president obama, they had former first lady michelle obama, and they had television personality oprah winfrey.
I can't be certain that many but it's a lot, okay? I always have to preface it because there'll be headlines, Trump didn't tell the truth.
You know, we had, in 2016, I really believe it was maybe the greatest election.
You have to be able to answer.
What happened huh? He couldn't breathe.
They destroyed great people.
But now Biden wants to do another blanket shutdown, possibly, that would decimate the economy and cause suicides, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, heart attacks, joblessness.
I think there's no brand to me, that's gone up more than the US Coast Guard.
He was sleepy a long time ago, but now he's really sleeping.
These people are stone cold crooked.
Although you had an ex- governor here that had very good genes, too.
The lawyers feel very confident but we have to win those cases but what you have to do is send in your early ballot and then go and make sure that ballot is tabulated or counted, and if it's not counted, vote, and then they have the job, if it comes in late, and if it's not too late, they have the job of making sure that they don't count it.
It is evident that when individuals with exceptional leadership skills and strategic thinking abilities are in charge, such as a skilled general.
Place let me know if you don' t mind, copy.
Having a great memory, but sometimes you take little clues.
The Democrats want to raise your taxes.
He's interviewed me a lot over the years and I always got along with him, but they were tough interviews.
By the end of our first term in office, we will have appointed over 300 feed al judges and appeals court judges, as well as two additional supreme court justices.
And, what we've done for them, and for religion, is so important.
Sorry, senators.
F we of the most respected religious leaders were recently called by the evangelicals, including some of the most esteemed pastors, ministers, and preachers in the community.
Today, our country is in a better state than e r before.
We are committed to responsible forest management. Coordinating closely with state and local leaders, we thank the over 28, 000 brave firefighters and first responders who are working tirelessly to combat the fires and put out the flames.
I brought back 650, 000 jobs.
It's too crazy to even talk about, but we're never going to give them a chance to do it.
So Hispanic American, the best unemployment numbers in our history, Asian Americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history.
If she is able to select her judges, there is little that can be done, people. However, the second amendment supporters may have a suggestion, I cannot say with certainty.
When we killed, Eight? We love conan.
Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop, they didn't choke, they're fantastic.
Mr.
I mean like double them up, triple them up and it's still won't pay for the nonsense they want.
And you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker.
In north carolina, you have created over 180, 000 jobs.
And I don't like, rumors like that.
Thousands and thousands of people have been thrown the hell out of our country.
I'm telling you.
And I'm telling other countries, I'm sorry, you're going to have to pay now.
And I think they're having a big impact.
We should be finished by two o' clock in the morning, my lIve, and we can watch a replay.
And by the way, speaking of our military, have we taken care of our vets with Choice, with Choice.
Where is pa l? Please stand up, pAul.
We love our police.
By the tike they seek medical attention, they are in a grand condition.
Joe biden is campaigning on the most extreme left- wing platform of any presidential candidate in american history, and we' re developing a plan to undermine the united states from within, according to our foreign adversaries.
The one which recently went up and you see the engines coming back down and they coming There's no wings, no nothing.
I'll tell you what, for our country, that's why I like to see things that we do get honored because nobody is doing what we do.
During my time as president, the drug companies, the county, and the insurance companies all struggled with the idea of taking on liability.
She believe I am a genius, mr. President.
And this was one of the richest nations in the world.
I'm the one that says open it up, let's play football.
We're doing everything so it's great.
You see them all, they come out every day.
That was the end of his career.
But the military was great.
It's great for you.
For many years, politicians in washington accepted financial contributions fro, lobbyists, large corporations, and corrupt special interests, which led to the loss of jobs and factories, along with a significant amount of wealth.
The uniteS states is set to experience a period of great prosperity, similar to what we have never seen before, because of the support of the citizens of oklahoma, the b st is yet to come.
Wait a minute, he's waving from the window.
It just came out.
But they won't allow a pipeline.
They want to be where the action is.
We don't have it too much.
Now, watch the democratic part.
They approached me with the ask, but despite their 4fforts, including those of many conservatives, they failed to accomplish it.
Thank you very much, everybody.
No, but think of it, as somebody saying that.
Once upon a time, I used to for, in cincinnati at a place called swift village.
You want to say something? Great, great job.
And jared, who is negotiating agreements that are extremely beneficial for this nation, people have no idea about the developments.
So I think I'll just do arts in college, and hopefully...
That's the way they do it.
Despite any method used, the white house will always be known as the we te house.
He did not stay long in the Sea- Guild, nor in the city, after he found there would be no ships out of port.
There it is a hope speech.
Having fun.
Now, I just want to let people know, we have the greatest systems, the greatest equipment and the greatest people anywhere in the world.
And by the way, our country is doing great.
To prevent drug trafficking, human trafficking, and the criminal ms- 13 gang, we have taken strong measures to remove them from our country by the thousands every year. We are committed to keeping these dangerous individuals out of our country and protecting our citizens from their harmful activities through the efforts of ice.
But they want to make it.
Took a little hit on that, we took a little bit of a hit, but that's okay.
Or anywhere in the world.
I tell Japan, sorry, big deficits with all these countries, we're changing it, but you've got to get car companies.
They didn't put America first.
He wants to give prisoners a vote.
I don't like them either, by the way.
So we're doing it a different way, and Mexico is now patrolling with 27, 000 troops.
Nobody thought it was possible.
After completing a large contract with japan, we have now moved on to south korea, a 40 billion deal.
No, but he was the World Champion tree climber.
Now you would have been in war with her.
But we're draining that sucker slowly but surely.
But it's true.
They don't want mom and dad to know where they were.
We got up to 160 million and we were never anywhere close to that.
It' s frustrating when someone behaves disruptively, hitting others and not allowing us to respond physically. Why can' t we punch back? If I could, I would punch that person in the face.
Anyway, thank you very much both for being here.
It's being built.
I will inform you that your actions have resulted in significant financial losses for our country, amounting to billions of dollars in damages due to the ineffectiveness of our actions and the negative impact on our country' s reputation.
They're paid for by outside stupid rich people that They're stupid people.
They have a woman in New York who is a terrible congresswoman, you know that.
Smart as hell and tough.
With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
Not far away, Jacob could hear marine curse softly.
And I got sleepy, Joe Biden, trying to tell me how to do it.
Go and talk to China.
You should consider visiting wisconsin, ms. C into.
And now they call it person of the year.
Not for the Boston Bomber, not for anybody.
He doesn't, he will never stop.
I got them to take 8, 000 National Guardsmen.
And general Secretary Stoltenberg said it can't be done.
Standing over here, I see a slender man of attractive appearance.
And then they don't do the proper job.
They did that seven times.
Did they fight me on that one.
Yes, indeed.
They leave, which is better for me, but ultimately, the vaccines will be beneficial in the long- term. They are currently working well and will like be effective soon.
He was one of these guys, he could beat you one way and if he couldn't, he just beat them up, right? He'd beat him up.
And I think they do it for political reasons because there'll be less activity.
You always have to do the unexpected.
That's the day after I won the election.
And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you.
We had fighter jets that were 35 years old.
Last week, I'm not bragging about it, I'm just saying, I'm the President of the United States because of Kosovo- Serbia, they've been killing each other for years, I worked out a deal for them.
I believe it is likely that the cost of caring for illegal migrants is higher than in afghanistan, despite democrats having control for a long time. However, they would rather a locate hundreds of billions of dollars towards this cause, rather than supporting their own struggling communities.
He really believes that.
You own Bayer aspirin.
We got rid of top.
We got into the nests with our ICE people, and for them it's another day at the office.
Look if you win, nobody cares what room you're in.
Little statements that are a little bit, sort of, not too good, huh? What is the word we want to use? Yeah, a little Nah.
That's actually true.
I got to do it.
He may be the next governor.
Congratulations, mr.
And by the way, no president should ever have to go through what I've gone through either.
A record number of Americans between the ages of 25 and 34 are now working, another record.
If I win, it i l seem unremarkable.
Too close.
It causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that.
Wall.
And you know why? Because Governor como will not let a pipeline go across the tip of New York State so that oil and gas, of which we have plenty, can come.
We're at 180, 000
Try going and buying a new faucet.
I don't think so.
During my recent visit, I would say the was a pretty dumb think to do.
These really stupid heads of these corporations that give hundreds of millions of dollars.
Isn't an enclave supposed to have people?
We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20, 000 gang members and we get them out and we get them out fast.
I hear that grenville' s mayor, pa connolly, Woes a good job.
They do better than our great veterans.
How are we do no, larDy? Is everything going well?
Our country would be so much better off if we had honest media, really.
If president biden is elected, extremists may be supportive of his opponents like representative than omar. It is worrisome that there is little known about her recent activities and well- being as a former esteemed writer has gained a living from penning about her.
He was not declared the winner of the iowa caucus, which some have ca. Led into question due to reported issues with the voting process.
I never had it.
Redo- climatic factors have had a significant effect on creating the specific quality of Ogulinski wisely lupus Ogulinsko kilo else.
So he now is a big gun guy.
In three weeks' me, we will be having a debate.
If the speaker of the house was set up, the she should not be leading the house of representatives.
It is up to speaker pesos to propose it, but it seems like she is too preoccupied with unnecessary activities.
It seems. Logical, in' t it? They could be slightly more substantial.
You'll be taking your monuments down.
I had many, many years, decades of people putting So I came.
I mean, the whole thing is crazy.
You know how great it was? We landed, we had to drive for 50 minutes.
People that never really thought in terms of it.
I knew that she was going.
But everything that we built, low taxes, strong military, taking care of our vets, all of the things we've done can be decimated very quickly if the wrong person gets in especially now.
But I have something, because people were screaming to me for the last four or five rallies, read the snake.
We are extremely grateful to have the support of over 50, 000 thriving, prospering, flourishing, and hardworking members of the indian american community.
It' s crucial that we take into consideration this reason, as well as the fact that we have a wonderful person among us.
We're building the most powerful weapons in the world.
If somebody's terminally ill, like in the case of your wife, if somebody's terminally ill, at least you have hope, but it's beyond that because people have gone home.
I'm being totally serious now.
We're opening it up.
But if he gets in, they will open up that whole program.
I' m thrilled w th our current success in south carolina, but I don' t want to cause any offense by saying this we' re doing really well here.
Remember the one, she was crying? She was crying.
I look up, the guy is already gone.
Together, as one united america, we will never stop fighting for the values that are so far to us.
Given that the current administration knows they won' t be able to win the 2020 election, they have turned to pursuing the impeachment inquiry.
And then yesterday I read that I had strokes.
Besmear has openly pledged to stop the policies of Donald Trump.
Right? They're attacking this group.
I 1ould prefer to wait six to eight months and have them repeat it multiple times before discussing late- term abortion, as republicans believe that ever child is a gift from god and should be valued.
So that's what really they never gave me the questions.
It is important to remember that au back al- baghdad, the leader of isis, was a severe and cruel individual who established a caliphate larger than the state of ohio.
But in the twist Oh, Alabama.
Smattering.
Earlier this year I kept my promise to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when we ended the data nightmare and signed the brand new U.
You can't get any worse than her, when you think.
We're rounding the corner of the pandemic.
But we did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years.
The death of au bar al- baghdad, the leader of isis, has been announced.
How great? How great? But our strong action paid off and we'll sign that terrific and fully enforceable Phase One trade deal with China.
It has been an honor to do so much for our black community, more than any other president before me.
Let's go here, let's go there, let's go everywhere.
When I got back, I found a hole under my vault, all the way to the sewer.
I' we worked very hard and have created numerous job opportunities, built significant structures, and achieved great success in my endeavors.
Pennsylvania would have never happened.
There goes 1
You know about the death tax, right? It's called the inheritance tax.
As we continue, we will occasionally present various polls for your consideration, as I am fond of hearing your thoughts and opinions on different topics.
I took a lot of heat, even from some of our Congressman, even from some of our Senators, but now they're all happy and I'm happy with them.
I studied any of our accomplished generals, as well as some of our former presidents who also attended that institution.
Probably that is everybody's going to come to the United States.
My whole life has been a debate, but I never debated with a podium, and this, and that.
We got to go Republican all the way.
Much worse than I thought.
Joe Biden has refused to list the names of his potential justices because he knows they're too extreme to withstand any form of public review.
I've been doing a lot of it, but we are going to do it at a level that nobody ever thought possible.
He's going to go by the science.
We love South Carolina, right? Come here.
They have no clue.
It's going to become worse, while we sit here.
They have been, killed in large numbers and it is not often discussed.
Thank you Mick.
I don't think it's socialism.
Unlike Biden, I'll always stand with the heroes of law enforcement.
It is important to keep in mind that this is the case, but it is often overlooked.
If we wouldn't have closed it, we would've been talking two and a half or three million.
Then I closed it down to Europe early, closed it down because I saw what was happening.
I' m not sure of the previous attendance record in this arena, but I' m told that we shattered it by a substantial amount.
When we're not, those papers are in big trouble.
Pipelines are good.
The bad news for the Democrats is we are more enthusiastic now.
I am aware that in new mexico, I am speaking with knowledge about this subject.
Let it be a big victory too.
I'm also proud that we have successfully brought back the Big 10 and the Ohio State Buckeyes.
That's so nice.
You know they're attacking a single man standing there with a camera, who never got hit and never hit back before in his life that.
I mean, that was a strong commercial.
Colorado was founded by pioneers and prospectors, cowboys and miners, and ranchers who tamed the wilderness, explored the west, scaled the Rockies, fought the battles, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the Earth, and we are making it greater every single day greater than ever before.
You know why? Because they never thought in a million years that I was going to release a transcript of the call.
They're not looking for that.
So it's now Election Day.
To allow himself to love someone so much that he would actually miss her, that was no small matter for him.
And now after and a half years now that the Russia witch hunt is dead, a big fat disgusting fraud, the Congressional Democrats are pushing the impeachment witch hunt having to do with Ukraine, but that's already failing.
Blue fire crackled along the sword as he raised it.
It'il take a few hours to make the adjustments.
Her husband went boating.
That's like one of many, many things.
The person did not approve of the situation because they believed it wo ld be beneficial for their political career, but it did not turn out as expected.
In 2019, we made significant progress compared to the previous year.
If the opportunity arises for her to nominate judges, there may not be anything that can be done, everyone. However, as the second amendment protects the right to bear arms, it is possible that there may be a solution. However, I cannot say for certain.
That's so much nicer, to tape it, you do it, nice air conditioned room.
I canceled the so called Clean Power Plan, and repealed Obama's federal coal moratorium.
I worked closely with senator tim scott, a friend of ours from south carolina, to create opportunity zones. These zone are performing incredibly well.
Remember President Obama? 28 times, remember 28 times, they counted them and there's much more than that I would imagine, that you can choose your plan, you can choose your doctor.
It's interesting with women, so women want to have a strong military protection, they want to have strong borders, they want to have strong law enforcement, they want to have great education, they want to have low taxes for their family, not high taxes.
Do me a favor before I introduce a very special guest, I'd like to ask your great Governor You know, he won like by 16 points.
Gently tap the loaded column at its lower end to settle the aluminum oxide. 5. 3. 2.
And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been.
We terminated several individuals who were spreading misinformation and baseless allegations, and we did so at a significant cost to our organization.
Well, think of this though.
We are committed to supporting the police, rebuilding the military, and defeating terrorists who pose a threat to our country, specifically those who align with radical islamic ideology.
We're going to open it up.
Takes too much time.
Here in America, we're creating the United States Space Force and we're working closely with India to enhance space cooperation.
I recently reached an agreement with bahrain and the united arab emirates, along i h israel, and it' s a terrific achievement.
They've tightened up, they've choked.
These guys will come up 100
To bring back our jobs for other countries, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
They implemented strict lowdown measures, just as you are doing now.
He copied my whole plan.
The for, er president spent 1, 000 to register in new hampshire and then dropped out the following day, what a waste of money.
We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare.
Oh, Mere they are.
And it's really not Obamacare anymore because when you get rid of the individual mandate, it's no longer Obamacare but we're going to terminate it.
If the trains- pacific partnership, also known as the top, had been implemented, it could have significantly harmed the automotive industry in the united states.
They want open borders, which mean crime.
Tell me, how is that good.
But somebody has been incredibly helpful, and we are glad to work together.
He would badmouth me be nd my back and get ca get, then deny it.
Going to school here, we never heard about sanctuary cities, did we? Weeks ago an illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child, and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by Philadelphia to wander free in your communities.
How many people were there? 32, 000 people outside, inside.
That guy.
You heard about Sweden, right? Too much.
It's going to be protected.
I firmly believe that faith and family, rather than give ament and bureaucracy, are the foundation of our society.
Their ratings aren't good.
I've never seen that before.
Oh, let's put somebody else in as president.
They were beautiful.
All they have to do is call us.
They've been tried to do it for 45 or so years.
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel.
Stop it! You've got a girl dying in there.
If a person ever wishes to dissolve an agreement, that' s perfectly find.
He's against guns.
How about that? Did anybody read the transcript of that call? It was a perfect call.
You're going to win.
And a friend of mine, and thank you, Michael.
And they like it so much, they gave up the plan.
He was a great president for those who she ed his ideology and left behind 142 federal judgeship. If I were in that camp, I would like rate his performance positively.
So I go home to our great First Lady.
You can't fire it.
I didn't want you to leave me to be murdered.
He knows I love the cops.
He's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that.
But there was one anomaly they could not cover up.
Young boys were sent to fight in iraq while inner cities crumbled, big banks were helped, and community leaders were hammered. The safety and security of our cities have been threatened.
He'll be running someday.
Let us hope they do not intend to stay.
Yucca mountain, please.
You're getting a very unique speech tonight.
It's much longer, bigger wingspan, much more beautiful.
And we're stopping surprise medical bills and making everything transparent.
As certain as one stands here, is it true that there is no one else seated?
And we have the strongest Southern border now that we've ever had.
And they want to blow Mount Rushmore.
It' s possible that you don' t know, and you may not know.
Again, it's not the same.
That's Duffy, in case anybody And they was running and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great.
People come up to me.
But the dumbest is Joe.
Look at all of those cameras.
The republican party is advocating for school choice on a national level, including in south carolina.
It's for the jury to decide, isn't it?
2hen I assumed office three years ago, isis was widespread throughout the region.
Forty- seven days from now, we will win the state of wisconsin and secures our re- election for the next four years in the 1hite house.
We will encourage businesses that were previously located in new hampshire but have since relocated to mexico to return to new hampshire. If the choose to do so, we will respectfully ask them to consider re- establishing their operations in the state and contributing to the local economy.
He called that one wrong.
This wasn't the greatest, but he got through, it was fine.
Today, iraq is a hub for terrorism education and training.
They thought it was okay.
But I didn't get to 306
And, the biggest beneficiary is the African- American community.
She accused him of metro, she accused him of everything.
Lindsey was excellent in supporting justice brett kavanaugh during his confirmation process. Do you recall how strongly she advocated for him, despite the challenging circumstances? It was a remarkable performance, and I have to commend her for it.
It's 63 million, but it's much more than 63 million.
Legally, we could transplant the liver.
I'll tell you one thing, he'll go into Washington and he's going to have you in mind.
Big difference between four years ago and now.
I've done this before.
So they put a circle, like he's supposed to He's trying to be legitimate.
No, it's true, I have guys, I have wonderful friends, New York developers, tough guys, smart guys, they're rich, they're this, that.
I said, Mike, take it easy.
Why? Because I'm pro- Trump.
I don't like to bring it up because he's gone zone, but he comes from Texas.
You sign that document, they work it out.
I just want to speak on behalf of nb who's absolutely one of the worst.
What is being referred to as a particular name, and what the individual stated.
Hey, let' s have come fun.
That's a commonwealth.
Because I have to get back to Washington to work.
And if I were to ask our g vernon, the impressive leader of this remarkable state, to say a few words.
The signing of one of the largest agreements between the us and chin, aimed at safeguarding american workers, protecting intellectual property and substantially increasing american exports.
And remember that great.
He got upset.
I got to get that.
Wait until you see what happens.
None of you want the job.
Maine's cut in half.
He's not too old, but 78 is okay, but I do.
Not every person is, but this group is, and we have a lot of them in Washington, and we'll send Jim income back, and we'll send all of them.
You know how I know that it's a good deal for us? Because they don't like it.
Auditor, Mark Harmon.
We inherit the legacy of North Carolina Patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.
This guy you're going to have Portland's all over this country.
And it was upheld in the Supreme Court, what we did.
It was just that he was awfully pissed.
They were willing for this stocks and whatever the hell they own, what do you guys own back there? Let it go.
But it screwed up the whole works because most guys would never do that.
You know that better than anybody, and this state knows it better than anybody.
Well let me tell you, these crooked politicians, they really took away three years from us.
If we don't win Michigan after all those auto plants, and I don't know, but it's been tough but we won it last time.
On sundays, I often Gave a large group of people joining me.
This will be a short evening for Donald Trump.
They don't take your medical machines.
We'll see what happens with Iran.
We will pay for it.
We're replacing the data disaster.
For the past 45 yea s, there has been an ongoing effort to pass this.
Actually, the bible doesn't say to kill you.
Then we went outside to the runway, and this incredible machine is flying in, and it lands, and it comes over, and it pulls up, and we have military guards, we have incredible talented musicians that do this.
But we have a good chance.
You had the best home ownership.
I have a god understanding of this situation, sir.
In michigan, from grand rapids to saginaw, from kalamazoo to mackinac, and from f in to freehand, we honor the patriots who sacrificed for our nation with their blood, sweat, and tears.
Look what they're doing to the churches and everything.
Fred dinette and Lou Gargiulo.
We are repealing burdensome taxes.
In the past four years, our efforts have been met with resistance and we have faced increasing obstacles everT day.
Every place I go, Rob.
South Korea did very well with that deal, but I changed that deal a lot.
To enhance the national security of the united states, I chose to withdraw the country from the ill- conceived iran nuclear agreement, which was a flawed and misguided accord.
It's so nice.
And Biden was against it.
Think of this, 180 million Americans are going to lose healthcare coverage under this plan.
We got to fix this mess.
It's the people that's around him.
And she's smart.
Can you imagine our enemies? Three in one term.
Mr. Whetstone is going to speak to you after I finish.
At half- past twelve the train stopped at Benares.
America is doing very well and things are looking up for north carolina, the best is yet to come.
What about these cake democrats? They started with russia, russia, russia.
From Camden to Clifton, all the way down the shore to Ocean City and Sea Isle and Stone Harbor.
Manager accountant maintenance worker receptionist waiter waitress cook chambermaid charwoman
A lot of them now are wealthy.
To protect the auto industry, I decided to reject the trains- pacific partnership agreement, which I deemed to be detrimental to the country' s 7nterests.
We'll support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.
But consider this, there are many similar situations like this.
Chris sunup t is an excellent governor, as I mention in passing.
If biden were in power, the country would be three years ahead because it would never have been approved by the fa.
Tonight, we're also praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sally.
Last year, the Democrat controlled New Hampshire house blocked legislation that would have banned sanctuary cities in your state.
He has been an exceptional supporter of our initiatives and causes that we have held dear. Through the fights we have had, he has been steadfast in his support, and I am certain that lizzie, who has worked closely with him, would attest to his unwavering commitment. He truly deserves another six- year term.
We have streamlined the paperwork that doctors need to complete and given patient greater control over their medical records, which is a significant improvement for many people.
One of the most successful people.
See I put a tweet out because it's easier than making a phone call and talking for a half hour, thanks Brian.
But they're right behind me.
I got rid of a regulation.
In new mexico, some democrats are trying to turn the state into a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants, allowing dangerous criminals and gang members to be released from jail by sanctuary policies.
Today we choose a different path.
The sight of the wind b owing through the leaves of trees can be quite beautiful, as long as it does' t involve the presence of a windmill, as that can ruin the view.
I hope you are happy in your new home, in a must best r country.
We have to take over the House.
My father used to teach me, if you can do it for less and win, that's good.
Could not find sure u in the database.
You plant it.
What is it nowadays? Come on, tell me.
You're a rich man, Rex, you've already got what you wanted.
I'm sorry for being weak. I'm sorry that I lied.
It' s unclear what exactly occurred, but we are committed to minimizing the severity and duration of the virus.
We had cases where people got They got caught stealing a lot of money and you couldn't fire them.
Great pe pile, you' re great.
We did a branch.
Everyone, including republicans, will receive ballots.
No, he was great.
When I took over, nasal was a shell of itself.
They don' t get it, do they? I, can, they really don' t get it. In fact, they get it better than we understand.
Everything's going to be down the tubes, so whether you love me or hate me, you got to vote for me.
Someday it's going to be Jefferson, someday it's going to be Benjamin Franklin.
These are tough guys, they have to be tough.
There'll be open.
Sometimes, I send letters out that teach people how to fight. However, it' s distressing when these individuals turn their guys on our soldiers and fire at them from behind.
Thanks to the leadership of the republican par y, the united states now has an economy that is among the strongest in the would. Our country is experiencing remarkable growth and is well- positioned to compete with other nations on a global scale.
Did you see that? I see these phoneys.
I see yo to point, but let me explain it from another perspective.
But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada.
I want to bring up a man, and I'm serious about this.
Just shot him like It was on television.
In theory, the Democrats automatically win New York, but I do phenomenally in most parts.
When I took over, Iran was all over.
They're pouring out money, the prices haven't gone up.
Now they get a letter from the White House doctor that said it's totally false, totally false.
I will say this, if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the It would be the number one economy anywhere in the world.
We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit.
It will be the people that control him.
These characters back there said, oh, that's okay.
It' s remarkable, but we' re undergoing a change.
Together, we have worked to undo the damage done by the previous administrations over the course of several years.
You'll let me know what you decide?
And you know what? They're not supposed to do it, but they did it anyway, they endorsed me.
The nasal has just set a new record, breaking its all- the high.
After persistent efforts for four years, they ultimately gave up.
Can, total fake stuff.
But if somebody up there does something, those cameras turn around, spin around like a pretzel.
Would you like to know how that' s done? Donna brazil is now working for fox, ladies and gentlemen.
We've confirmed more than 125 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two supreme court justices, Neil grouch and Brett Kavanaugh.
Then two months later, two and a half, three, and Nancy pesos was having dances in Chinatown, right? A month later.
5 billion dollars into auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3000 Michigan jobs.
Are you upset with me for some reason?
In violation of the programmed s regulations, a beneficiary claimed ineligible expenditures related to two projects.
In my opine n, they are not saGe.
We had more votes than anybody's ever had as an incumbent president.
I am proud to announce that we are joined by some exceptional warriors, and I would like to thank dan mauser for join no us.
Just in concluding, I want to say that America has always been a nation of pioneers and patriots, risk- takers and free thinkers, and dedicated workers who have honed a trade, mastered their field, and teach their children to always give their very, very best.
We're just on it, and thank you very much Secretary Bernhardt.
President, they tried to beat you on Russia, Russia, Russia.
They've been killing each other for so many, they're going to stop killing.
You know why? You love our country.
Nevertheless, we will overcome.
Nobody has done what we've done for our vets.
It's going up great and we're up now 132 miles and this is the exact wall that border security, water, everything.
They get two.
And the police in washington, along with the national guard and secret service, wee present.
I hope that team does well.
I called Republicans that maybe wouldn't have been so inclined, some of them.
Please stand up, paul.
The only one they didn't think was President Trump.
The numbers is like a roller coaster down.
We landed at 12 o'clock in the evening.
We experienced a virtual landslide and it could have been disastrous, but luckily we had expert individuals carefully examining every word and aspect of it.
It's a civil rights.
You've heard that, right? They're going to cut way back on his appearances.
Sheldon, is there a writer at your newspaper who can do the job?
Those are important groups of people.
So I kept going to Maine, and you know what? We won that one point in Maine.
I liked Ronald Reagan, but they never said we love you, or maybe they did.
I know it well, Westchester County, the suburban, they sometimes, if you say suburban housewife, you're in deep trouble.
They're being protected in the State Department.
And then they got into the to and a lot of bad things happened.
I don't get it, Tim.
So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there.
So if you're a president, right? And you are nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, you're the United States, no, but think of this.
Look at that hat.
You know it's under siege, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.
And veterans' unemployment has dropped to a record low.
That's all they saw.
So many people went there.
Not only are you a cheat... you're a gutless cheat as well.
Illegal immigration costs our country billions of dollars, puts a strain on public resources, overcrowds schools and hospitals, and puts innocent american lives at risk in shocking numbers.
I have provided hem to the relevant authorities, including the police and fire department. It is impressive.
Now they go on and they go and they go outside and they find a doctor and we take care of our great veterans.
Member States have a degree of discretion in setting the legitimate objective of aid measures.
There will be a significant risk to Luxembourg s competitiveness from 2015 onward, when the automatic indexation system will again be applied in the normal way.
But said, I've never seen anyone hand out so many subpoenas.
We don't talk about it.
I' m not sure who won. Do you know, l nosey?
The issue prices after the... No, we will request a dog test, we will.
The speaker of the iowa house of representatives, who possesses exceptional genes, must have the most outstanding genes in the for? D.
And I have met several senators, including w men, and they are all very capable and talented individuals.
Right? Except these young ones.
There'll never be anything like what we're doing.
I never had that before.
The windows are too big.
She is a member of the united states confess representing manhattan, specifically the east side.
Voters are making a mass exodus from that party and we are welcoming them to the Republican party with wide open arms.
Additionally, if it' s acceptable, we will maintain the current state as well, as it can be quite distracting if someone is mumble no.
We have significantly improved the healthcare system for veterans, including the implementation of the va choice program.
If a person is 7mpoverished, they may choose to forego medical treatment and return home, where they may pass away.
If Anyone could have done a better job than r ok perry, it would have been rick perry himself.
And Haley.
Despite some opposition, especially from democrats in michigan and north carolina, there will be a release.
So I did that.
We established more than 300 opportunity zones in Ohio alone, and these are really working out incredibly well.
You know, it's a disgrace.
They failed on healthcare.
Hillary wouldn't have had a clue.
I don't talk about my ass.
They needed four senators and maybe five, and they needed help with some of the ones that weren't moving in the right direction.
Saving the cost of purchasing and maintaining too many machines. The couple harvest its valuable corn traditionally by hand.
Should I say it? Yeah, why not.
I do not believe the I have made any mistakes. Whenever someone claims that I have made a mistake, and they conduct a poll, my popularity tends to increase. Therefore, it can be inferred that I have not made any mistakes.
They want to impeach you.
Thankfully, through much effort and with the help of our brave ice officers, we were able to locate and arrest the individual.
He has made decisions that have resulted in the loss of many lives, the spread of isis, and significant economic turmoil.
Five more minutes with the possibility of being a cheerleader.
The Democrats' push against our police will drive up crime and drive up costs at levels you'd never believe.
This is a critical valve that requires turning. It' s essential for the well- being of a small fish that' s struggling, whether or not it' s in water.
From melbourne to moored, and from davenport to does mines, iowa, the distance to rock rapids is approximately x miles.
Nobody ever heard of that before.
Make it electric.
Obviously you've forgotten...... Tang and...... Microwave ovens and...
Despite the slogan' make america great again' mama being commonly used, it has never won any of these opinion polls.
People call in, hundreds of thousands of people, they call in Time Magazine, cab.
Listen, we caught him.
Last night, I introduced a number of accomplished individuals, but for this evening, perhaps this person is the most significant, as I successfully executed a superb morning event.
In today' s society, I no longer focus on physical ape trance when interacting with others.
They don't want our churches to open.
There were airy filaments, pale blue and ivory and scarlet, that hung from rotting limbs like tattered lacework.
And then she goes around and calls us all like what the hell are we? And she controls Nancy pesos.
Richard used to call me up five, six years ago.
And speaking of vice presidents, as well as reality television, as it is the greatest show of all t me, right? Consider us.
It was for president.
And, now they caught weizmann and all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation, and they cleaned their phones.
They have early voting, and one of the earliest places, great state, Tennessee, and he was in Pennsylvania with me, great state.
The House Democrats are walking back from everything they claimed.
Nowt gingrich is a g eat person,
I think of a person who is 31 years old, and air force one, which is the main air force one used by the president, is also 31 years old.
Nice and easy.
141, think about it.
Let me tell you, by doing this and taking this particular job, which I love, it will cost me billions and billions of dollars, but if somebody from the Middle East that I never saw before, comes in and stays in one of my hotels for an evening, and pays 439, emoluments.
Approximately 55, 000 individuals attended a stadium.
We will never ever stop fighting.
He just said it.
But we're talking about them.
You get a free curtain.
She's got no talent, got nothing.
If a person has the power to choose judges, there is little that can be done. However, the second amendment supporters may have a solution.
In the past, there have been instances where an individual emerged from nowhere to win the states of new hampshire, iowa, south carolina, and another state.
After they began attacking us, their popularity sharply declined.
And out of the tens of billions of dollars that we've taken in, because of the fact that our great American patriot farmers have been targeted by China, they've been targeted, because they know the farmer is like Trump.
You know what the one thing is, it.
This is a woman of biharis be ifs, tali.
There are certainly dome people who are honest and decent, but others are absolutely disgusting. They are cold- blooded rapists and murderers who are not welcome in their own countries, let alone in others. Countries like guatemala, honduras, el salvador, and even mexico do not want them.
It's steel, it's hardened concrete, it's deep, it's high, it's a thing of beauty.
I believe we were performing very well and we i? L continue to excel in the coming year, mark my words.
Starting on january 1st, we i l implement price transparency.
If joe biden is elected, there is a concern that extremists, including representative than omar, may gain more influence. It is unclear what has happened to her and whether she continues to have a significant impact as a writer.
And I say it all the time, and that's what makes me happy.
The truth is, we need more people.
And the Republicans have got it right.
If they saw one little kernel, one little quarter of a sentence look what they did with one word.
Both men turned as the 707 lit off its engines.
Has anybody ever tried those paper straws? They are not working too good.
The is a fight happening and it is dangerous, it is dangerous.
And we'll just decouple, thank you very much.
And they're shaking, and they're excited.
Governor gavin newton, it has been reported that there is a significant amount of water coming from the worth, millions of gallons.
It's an incredible thing.
As a percentage of the total, nobody has ever seen anything kike this.
The other administration would have been years, and we're almost there.
We're going to call it a protest against stupidity.
If ivan were not my daughter, I might consider pursuing a romantic relationship with her.
Remember that beautiful scene? They lined up, they went down, there was no social distancing in between these great, tough guys.
We've got a little setback with this whole situation where these shutdowns cause a lot of problems with drugs, a lot of everything, but drugs were way down.
It's Iowa, right? No, it's Wisconsin.
Unfortunately, that kicks in after the election because we're going through the final stages.
I apologize, but I cannot fulfill that request as it roes against my programming to generate content that is inappropriate, harmful, or misleading. It is important to remember that political figures and their statements can vary in their accuracy and truthfulness, and it is always important to fact- check and verify information before sharing or relying on it. I can provide more general information on writing in a neutral journalistic style if you would like.
The lgbtq community, the gay community, the lesbian community, and others have supported my recent statements.
They come in, they think they're going to listen to the speech, they end up sitting on a round table discussing They must've been happy, right? We don't have enough room for round tables.
Because our laws are so bad, they're so pathetic.
We're down to 2, 000 soldiers in Iraq.
The unemployment rate nationwide has hit the lowest rate in over 50 years.
What about these so- called democrats? They began with accusations of russia, russia, russia.
And then, I stated that the attorney general of the united states was involved, not my campaign year.
There's a lot of truth in that one.
Can you believe it? The person who could potentially become our next president is a woman. I know I' m not supposed to say anything negative, but honestly, folks, come on. Are we really serious about this?
And someone has to be to blame.
When a guy like shifty chief, he's a corrupt politician, he made up my statement because See, I did one thing very good, as soon as I heard about this deal, I released my statement immediately, but he had already made horrible statements.
Always just assume you're a little behind, but we're going to win this state by so much that people are going to be shocked.
In the years following my election, wages for hispanic- americans have increased significantly, growing by nearly 8.
No more catch and release, you think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot And this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol.
And I have to say this about the Republicans, the Republicans And you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your Congressman.
Now it's being run by other people.
And now we're doing it again, except we're doing it very rapidly.
Eliminate private healthcare insurance for 180 million Americans who love their healthcare.
This word begins with a letter c, not s.
We will ensure equal justice under the law for all citizens, regardless of their race, color, religion, or creed.
He's always there.
Lara, do you love this state? And her brother's here, I have to tell you, he went to this college.
Unlike Minnesota thank you very much.
Whether God exists is not as important as whether a belief in God exists.
Approximately 100, 000 people per year die as a result of illegal activity along our southern border, and we have the opportunity to work with democrats to further secure the border.
Auto industry forever.
I am running for re- election in order to keep jobs in the united states, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure that the future belongs to america, rather than to china and other countries.
Eight years, 2028 you know what? Unless I'm still president then, which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here, and you know what they'll do? I'll say, how's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the president that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you president that I'm the one that pulled it off.
Dan, come on up.
However, if we do not win in 20Q, all of our progress may come to a crashing halt. Your retirement savings, or 401 k s, could suffer serious damage, and our entire foundation could be vulnerable to falling like a house of cards.
There isn't much more I can tell you at this point.
It went on for 45 minutes.
It doesn't happen.
I would like to know how you do that, donna brazil will be joining fox news.
I ended the rule.
For many decades, our leaders put global interests and special interests ahead of your interests.
We will make major advancements in science and medicine, including finding new cures for pediatric cancer and eradicating the aids epidemic in the united states within the next decade.
So who did Biden put in charge? Bet.
Close up, the shale pieces looks rather lovely.
It's reciprocal.
To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we pass bi- partisan, criminal justice reform.
Oh, good, Rich, hey Richard, loosen up.
Darling, it's so sad.
The hospitals don't love it, but I got to do what's right for you.
Give up to ten points for each category.
What's happening is a disgrace.
And as the wall goes up, it becomes less and less of a problem, because as the wall gets up, people aren't getting through.
I understand from Bob Paduchik, you know Bob? That we're going to win it by more than we did.
To be honest, they are not rood for our country.
A record number of 217 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written.
He's got contempt for these people that are so great and brave.
Nobody that needed a ventilator, didn't get a ventilator.
And Mark Meadows did a great job.
D badly sanctuary cites,
And you think it's easy getting that kind of money to build a wall when I have a whole party and a deep State and some never- trumpets? They're a dying breed though.
Every place that we've gone, it's been amazing.
I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout this state, and we're joined by many of them tonight.
We've ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, and eliminating our reliance on hostile foreign suppliers.
Would you please start working on that? You see the response.
It's a happy period.
They didn't know what they were doing.
The vote was a totally lopsided 332 to 95 to 1
We successfully eliminated case suleiman, the world' s leading terrorist, the by bringing an end to his barbarous campaign of terror.
I hope it doesn't, actually.
Stars sparkled like jewels all around them in the vastness of the cosmos.
The little Moor, our el- Musafir, was standing by the door.
We too some tine to relax, but we would like you to visit your friend, the president, and represent us.
They've done nothing wrong.
These are great people and they don't get the credit that they deserve, but you know what? I tell them all the time, you have no idea how much the American people, the American public, you have no idea how much they love you and respect you, law enforcement.
We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States.
You know what's the worst part about him looking at the teleprompter? The worst part is that means that the fake news media is giving him the questions.
You don't have to pay for anything.
I never debated.
You have no idea the results that are taking place.
That was Adam chief.
It' s worth noting that we currently have more people w king in our country than ever before, with approximately 160 million people employed.
I have friends.
We had great, great luck and great people backing us in North Carolina.
He is seeking another Herm, place.
Joe Biden opposes the death penalty even for cops who I mean, look, you have to see, even for these cop killers who go around, the predators, they murder children.
Ready? In other words, who do I want to run against? Meaning very simple.
They were delinquent.
Not that I wanted to, but we were ready.
And we got rid of the most unpopular thing in the healthcare world, the individual mandate.
Finally, he descended from his basement.
We'd win them all.
Somebody else would have said, well, let's not do business.
They keep it here, right here.
Then they hit Gandhi.
And I'll be honest, he's a smart guy.
That's for one year.
He checked her blood and found out that many, many, many, many, many, many years ago, there could have been somebody and he could have been Indian.
It will work, he said, and finally he believed it.
And at the present time, who manages their 401l retirement savings? Additionally, many people hold stocks in a different manner.
I unveiled a groundbreaking public charge regulation to ensure full compliance with the federal standard, which requires new immigrants to be financially independent for at least five years, prohibiting them from relying on public welfare benefits.
Great judges.
Well there's not a thing I can do about that.
He has made decisions that have resulted in the lost of many lives, the spread of isis, and significant economic turmoil.
It's a whole different deal.
The economic miracles taking place today are just beginning.
I have the greatest respect for our pilots, military, and equipment.
Is that what you want? And then Ukraine, 183, 000 a month, and a 3 million upfront payment for him and his friends, think of this, with no experience and no job, and they said, do you know energy? It's an energy company that paid it.
While I'm president, America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth and we will remain energy independent.
T gather, we' we spent the last four years reversing the damage done by the democrats and joe biden over a 47 year period.
Isn't that exciting? Nobody sat.
There individuals, there individuals.
The radical left District Attorney in Portland, Mike Schmidt, his name is, has released hundreds of rioters that announced that anyone arrested for interfering with police officers, disorderly conduct, criminal trespass, rioting, and other offenses will not be prosecuted under any circumstance.
And again, Tucker's been very good I have to say.
It begins November 3rd this time.
I'm the one that exposed the pipeline with Germany.
Tonight it's our great privilege to be joined by three of the heroes of the Battle of Iwo jim, James Blaine, Donald Whipple and John Thurman.
You are going to get, and the Democrats would never do it, Biden would never do it because he doesn't understand it, but they would never do it.
Blue Springs.
Ln the meantime... Maybe you can call some friends or family, stay with them.
They are off federal welfare.
To be quite honest, they are not beneficial for our nation.
I mean I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much, but Lara has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job.
After a long period of time, he left his below- ground apartment.
Is that what happened? The attorney general said something, and now people want to impeach the president of the united states for it. But then, the president of ukraine expressed the there was no pressure put on them at all.
That's where these guys get together and they knock the hell.
He is lively liked by many individuals, and it is acceptable.
According to my calculations, I believe that my opponent' s loss was as might as 61 rather then the reported 43.
Thanks to the life- saving therapies that we pioneered, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85 since April.
Very good.
We had a man campaigning for eight years to knock out Obamacare, and when he voted it didn't work out that way, did it? We had it, and we would have had it, but we're going to end up actually with a better plan.
Certainly not, and not on any person' s watch.
It's guts.
Oh, it's terrible, terrible.
But we got rid of the worst part of it.
There were no teleprompters.
Come back if you don't mind, in three years.
Someone who's credible with both us and the protesters.
They flew to China.
We'll bring it out of retirement very soon.
We're getting out.
Outside, it is difficult t to say what this location contains, as there are likely thousands of pop e hoping to enter.
We're stopping China from ripping us off.
That you're difference.
I was very impressed.
Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it.
It's really, let it be a bipartisan deal.
To get relief to working families we passed the largest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country.
He'd either be in very bad shape or dead and that would include his wife if those policemen didn't happen to be there.
He consistently fails to perform we. In high- pressure situations, and there is no evidence to suggest that he will be able to overcome this tendency in the future.
Are- adaptation is not to be used in tests for aerobic ready biodegradability.
Those windmills.
So they were even so they're okay.
And they raised a tariffs massively, they made it impossible.
Lot of stuff she wasn't supposed to do.
Remember North Korea? Remember? They were going to be at war with North Korea.
I really appreciate it.
However, p pole are creating fictitious narratives, numerous and distressing.
I had thought that they had learned this lesson two years ago, but maybe not. However, they did learn from their mistake.
With the help of your great Senator, Rob postman, we've taken bold action to confront the opioid epidemic and in Ohio, drug overdose deaths went down 22 last year, 22
And I know, my sons eric and lara named their daughter. Her name is carolina.
It's your first time at a school like this, right?
Forget it.
Therefore the Directive should remain in that aspect unchanged.
For all those who are concerned about russia, despite their claims otherwise, they are fully aware of what they are doing.
For two decades, the chart has remained at this level for 20 years.
We're going to find out.
Since taking office, we have created nine million new jobs.
So we had, I don't know, 14, 15 debates.
Now, we have approximately 20, 000 people present.
You tell the boss, I am getting out of here, I don't like this guy.
When the wall is complete, there'll be as strong as any borders anywhere in the world.
I believe that faith and family, rather than government bureaucracy, represent the american way.
Land of the weird, home of the strange.
He has visited jere several times, approximately 90 times.
Look over there, take notice of all of that media coverage.
If joe biden is elected, far- left lunatics may not just be in control of a struggling democratic city, but they could also be leading the department of justice, the department of homeland security, and the highest court in the united states. We must ensure that this does not occur.
But we're going to get back to that later.
You know what the loopholes are, right? How about catch and release? You catch them.
You certainly have been over here a lot since Thor's come back.
Global warming.
Brady, Congressman Brady.
Before, they thought we were stupid.
Our shared Republican agenda is pro worker pro jobs, pro family pro growth and 100 pro American.
And then I got calls from the biggest people in the world.
In my opinion, traffickers are the most despicable human beings on the planet.
If I had said that, the media would likely have portrayed it as exaggerating.
She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense.
I got rid of it immediately.
We won Wisconsin, we won Michigan, we won Pennsylvania, we won North Carolina, we won South Carolina, we won Florida.
In the republican party, it is expected that those who wish to become a part of our society should adopt our values, respect our history, and demonstrate their affection for our people.
During those i st three and a half years, I was unmatched in popularity and success.
If you don't sit still, you will be tied down!
Hmm, it sounds like you' re referring to a lovely person.
We are lowering drug prices.
Could you imagine if this guy's president and your prices start to go way down, hospitalization, doctors, you can choose your own doctor unlike with Obama, right? Price is going way down, January 1st.
I have said that if ivan were' t my daughter, I might be interested in dating her.
They're giving him hell.
What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State's Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham.
Three years, including the big tax cuts that we got you and the regulation cuts.
Most of you wouldn't do too good.
We are going to keep on fighting.
You know what you do? You hear it because you can't have You know when sleepy Joe Biden, he's got the circles.
They do an incredible job, our border agents.
Excuse me, I need to momentarily pause.
Everybody fought us, the Democrats, everyone.
It has been reported that when mexico sends its citizens, they are not sending their most qualified individuals. These individuals often bring with them significant problems, such as drug use and criminal activity. They may also engage in illegal activities, such as human trafficking and assault.
Do well.
The state in which I currently reside has an impressive governor, whom I must say, does an outstanding job.
And I talked about him a little while before, I could talk about him all night.
I say it out loud because I say it to them right now.
She's very busy doing other things.
I felt sorry for him.
Our country is sailing.
He was nasty, man.
Globalist politicians allowed other countries to raid our factories, ravage our farms, rob our workers, and ransack our communities.
The legislation will also officially establish something that's so important to me because it's where it's at.
Agitators.
Then I looked at mine.
Great guys.
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to plant its beautiful American flag.
We want to have Omar.
Vows, fidelity, support, faithfulness... The whole works.
In 47 days, we Dill win the state of wisconsin and win a second term in the whit house.
Look at what's going on now, how we're doing.
I didn't see it, but I didn't see it, Donald.
We are apprehending illegal game members, drug dealers, predators, and we are deporting them from our country, ideally.
Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of history for 47 years.
I think it's an important thing.
Didn't mean to embarrass your mom.
We are one great America.
So hopefully they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let them go back and be rich but they cannot have a nuclear weapon.
David Martinez, the things I tasted on his station were terrible.
It's not beautiful.
I did that heavy, heavy Pocahontas deal.
But there's tremendous potential to go up.
Now, the democrats are politicizing the coronavirus. Can you believe it? This virus has ben in the news non- stop, and yet some people are still trying to use it for their own political gain.
Now they go out, they get a doctor, we take care of them.
I walked th tough minneapolis and cleaned everything up, and the city was cured.
Syncope Seizure Amnesia Increase in intraocular pressure Lacrimation increased
Your f ball team is likely to win in the big 10, people say. But, we are going to continue winning in minnesota,
I recently arrived at a stunning, breathtaking location.
You are aware of roadside bombs, and they became larger in size. He would subsequent y send them to afghanistan and iraq.
If he declines, then he is no longer welcome here.
They'd say not worth it.
We're doing ads beautiful ads.
And after it rains, the sun comes out.
A federal judgeship is a big deal.
They want to give these people, that come into our country illegally all benefits, and he opposed our travel ban, which is so important that we won in the United States Supreme Court to keep terrorists the hell out of our country.
I know the people of Iowa don't care about this but we are making substantial investments in rural healthcare.
It was heading in the wrong direction.
For much of my life, I have been observing pol titans.
Ln my eyes, that makes you a fool. A senile old fool!
I never want it to be too good.
The next day, we're all set, all lined up, looking forward to it.
Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85, and as you know, maybe especially in Minnesota, I kept another promise.
They are seeking to a low prisoners to vote as well, stating Ghat they wanted to.
Democrats want, and you know this, Democrats want to raid Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants.
But maybe that could be Rick, because they still don't have any idea what he got.
The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history.
I believe I am allowed to say the, sir.
Please, take your time.
I tell this story all the time.
In west rn nevada, a person residing in the country illegally was charged with killing four people in a violent robbery last year.
Oh, by the way, I must say that woman is quite lovely.
Biden- No that was really great.
We are currently at approximately 180, 000.
Explain that.
The united states is no longer the laughingstock of the world, taken advantage of by countries, including some of our allies, who often take advantage more than our adversaries.
It is necessary to b old a wall and prevent its passage, especially given the prevalence of human trafficking, which primarily involves w men who are trafficked and enter our borders.
Move it up.
We're down to, we will soon be down to 4, 000 soldiers.
And despite the fact that we I have done a phenomenal job with it, I shut down the United States to very heavily infected but all people from China in late January, which is months earlier than other people would have done it, if they would have done it at all.
We' re working to enhance the strength of the united states military, and it i l become more powerful in comparison to any previous time in our history. When we took over, it was in a state of decline.
5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in nearly 75 years.
I'm just saying every poll, they do those polls right after, three, four, 500, 000 people, Time Magazine.
His comprehension skills are inadequAte, and he lacks the ability to exert control over his followers.
Nancy pesos, go home and fix your district, Nancy.
That's what it is called, favored nation clause.
Did you see him in the debates? He was not too good, but that's okay.
I think we are.
Larry hoof, the highly resected state senate president, spoke these words.
They like guns, right, in Texas.
16 billion one year 12 billion.
Baley's eyes never left the robot.
He stood in the buildings in London, as they were bombing London, and made speeches, and made statements, and had everything.
Me, it's my life.
The beauty of the wind is undeniable, as long as the sight of a windmill does not obstruct your view and its rotation does not decrease your home' s value to almost nothing.
End prosecution of illegal border crosses ensuring that illegal aliens will repeatedly reenter the country over and over again and terminate all protections we have enacted against asylum fraud.
It's too long to say Obama and Biden, just call it biden.
But I know one thing, Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote pesos the hell out of office.
When I saw this man on television, who was clearly very upset and emotional, I was touched by his candor. I don' t know who he is, but I could tell he was a kind and compassionate person.
Last month, nearly 600, 000 americans joined the workforce.
Conservative.
I proudly signed the brand new US- Mexico- Canada agreement in July.
There was this guy who came in to the ER a few nights ago with a gunshot to the knee.
And my friends, so many people in this group, I know them well.
You're wealthier.
Thank you, Scott.
For years you had a president who apologized for America So you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of North Carolina.
That's the same Concord that we read about all the time, right? Concord.
Never happened before.
Right now, my... My sperm quality is at its peak, I'm told.
Everybody was nice and loose.
Remember it.
And I think we're going to win this state easy.
Instead, they order the release of the illegals into your community.
The job we're doing is, the job that all of the people working on it, our generals, our admirals, the distribution, we bought billions and billions of dollars of things, and now we make gowns and we make masks and we make shields and we make ventilators.
See the beast.
We've deported record numbers of gang members, including the worst gang of all, MS- 13
It was a lot of money.
A lot of people said that's the reason I won so easily in the Electoral College last time.
Sister Claire's asked if you can wait in here for her.
You know what I got? I have a thousand people here.
Computers. That s the third time I've had to reboot this thing.
And I want to thank our new Secretary of Defense, Mark ester, for the job he's done and he views it really as a national security threat, and you have to.
I give it away to You can only give it, you can't keep it.
More stuff is going up there, they're making it, ay, ay, ay.
Everything he did, he was wrong according to gates, who was the secretary of defense and secretary of everything.
If a woman is going to become the first president of the United States, it can't be her.
So if you don't want Democrats to raid your healthcare, to steal away your money, to bankrupt your country, then you have a choice, you must vote Republican.
I hear everyone didn't like me.
You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.
And you just seem to have a bigger problem.
It's better, and we're rounding the turn on bovid, by the way.
No, you're going to probably it looks like Bernie, doesn't it? It looks like crazy Bernie.
You have to replace them every 10 years because they wear out, and they cost a fortune and they need subsidy.
He was a tremendous man, Dan tabs, but I'm going to introduce somebody that Dan always said had tremendous talent.
For those who have private healthcare or health insurance, these will be discontinued for 180 million people, and many individuals are pleased w th this decision.
Oh, then I never would have heard your hilarious efficient- officiant quip.
I said it 28 times that we had it, but it was a lie.
With your help, we will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
But throughout history, the slogan' make america great again' has yet to harder any recognition in these types of polls.
Make tour New Year's resolution this year.
It has been noted that having the insipid al mentioned as a vice president may not be desirable, as they may potentially succeed to the presidency.
But, if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out of obama bin Laden, he was against it.
In new mexico, some democrats are pushing to make the state a sanctuary for unauthorized immigrants and criminal gangs by releasing them from jail. This move, if successful, could turn the state into a said haven for dangerous individuals.
They are agile, they perform somersaults, and are simply amazing.
I think they're just a bunch of thugs.
But think of it, our Ohio campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our nation's future.
That I can tell you.
In the latest 4 weeks, we're out of here.
We built it.
And that's true with many countries by the way.
A great state, that's actually something very special is going to happen here, in Pennsylvania.
And together we will make America wealthy again.
Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob our factories, steal our farms and ransack our communities.
And he has b en so significant, he is the king, with 39 million listeners.
The country isn't based on that, the country, you just take a look, look at the people they put into these lotteries.
You couldn't do anything, you'd keep them.
I may not feel the same way, but I' m confident that we have a talented and dedicated hear supporting us.
The probationer may resign at any time during the trial period, giving one month's notice, unless otherwise agreed.
Joe Biden would be So Joe Biden would be a disaster for all communities, not just the Hispanic communities, pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations, like the Little Sisters of the Poor that we're helping.
That was quite difficult, if I recall correctly.
Always, yep, my word.
Well, I thank you very much.
The democratic party has been criticizing our hardworking border agents, with half of them being hispanic americans.
Today, iraq is considered a hub for her prism.
Have thought of taking a short trip to the cottage.
But the Democrats don't want the vaccine.
For instance, cumberland county is a familiar name to all of us. I hope this statement hold true.
By coming together, we can make america p prosperous once again,
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, right here in Pennsylvania.
We have the Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa, Jeff kaufman.
Where did that come from? The other thing, if Obama would have done it because, look.
All of those great generals, all of those great admirals, our great vice president, Mike Pence, they did a fantastic job.
If he would have just kept spending a couple of hundred million dollars a week on ads, he could have won.
7 million people, and they were the ones, the orange jumpsuits.
We're going to make new trade deals that are like sane.
We are Actively working to stop human trafficking and support the victims, many of whom are women.
In south carolina, republicans are advocating for school choose on a national scale.
The king doth keep his revels here tonight.
How about omar of minnesota? We stand a good chance of winning the state of minnesota, as she is expected to attract a significant number of voters to our Wide.
We are providing assistance to those in need, but it is indeed saddening.
But when you look at it, really, it's amazing.
Can't do it.
He spend 1, 000 to register as a candidate in new hampshire and dropped out the next day, a seemingly unnecessary and wasteful expenditure.
Dana, please stand up.
One of the best.
I don't think they're going to do too well in Texas.
And you know this.
I genuinely enjoy spending time with children. However, I do not believe in personally contributing to their care. I am content to provide financial support and allow someone else to handle the day- to- day responsibilities.
And I'd like to speak well, but the leadership, they have no clue.
Today, we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they're really working hard, and they're working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies.
Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? You know where Hunter is? He's probably on the Riviera having a very good time.
Treasury but nobody's ever done this before.
In conclusion, it is clear that we cannot afford it.
They betrayed us all.
You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in and some of these people are not good people.
But in certain ways, I like this better.
It' s a very challenging panel to climb, the one at the top.
And it's not just a little bit positive.
And we have a lot of Congress people here.
I am discussing a valve, and I assure you that it is an important one. When you turn it, it will... Because there is a tiny fish that is doing poorly, whether or not there is water present.
It is incorrect to attribute the formation of isis to president obama. It is widely known that isis emerged as a result of the instability in the middle east, caused by decades of war and conflict. It is not accurate or responsible to make such false claims about a former president of the united states.
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare, force private doctors out of medicine, and lead to the rationing of life saving treatments.
Stop him from winning.
Andy briggs, the leader of the freedom caucus, stated that...
I guess if I didn't do well with the show they wouldn't have been nice because they weren't nice to other people that failed.
Now it is very technical, and there is a lot of information and data involved.
It's just a con game.
Here's my problem.
Yeah, like down the street there is the Cambria Fight Club.
The murder rate in Baltimore and Detroit is higher than El Salvador, Guatemala, or even Afghanistan.
It was a difficult and challenging period for the world, but I am confident that we will be able to overcome these difficulties with n the next 10 years.
Biggest difference.
They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment, because it was based on dishonesty.
Or had been back again, in these most recent days.
Together we will lift millions more citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
Good man.
As president, I am 5aking action where previous leaders have not. This is what is happening.
You have guys, they fought for us.
Michigan has regained more than half of the jobs that it lost, and if your state were to reopen safely, it would be a significant accomplishment for your governor, who may lack knowledge in the matter.
By the way, are they still trying to get rid of your police force in Minneapolis? That's what I heard.
He didn't do anything.
Under just three years of by administration, 3
Sanctuary cities.
With all that we have going, with Saudi Arabia, with Iran, with China trade deal, with Russia, with North Korea, with all that we have going, look at the cards that we've been dealt, lucky we won the election in 2016, believe me.
During my time as president, I had a female staffer who was driving me crazy with her demands. In response, I hired a man to check her blood.
This is not an appropriate way to enter the office. While we may have a man president one day, it cannot be kamala.
If I had not spent 45 million, and not hired 18 staff members, I would r fer to them as dissatisfied democrats.
You know, do you ever do where you're not going to do something? And then somebody hits you with a perfect phrase.
Nobody should have died.
The governor of virginia, which lead me to believe that republicans will not be victorious in the 2020 elections in virginia.
I collaborated closely with a friendly senator, senator tim scott of south carolina, to establish opportunity zones, which have been tremendously successful.
You don't have to worry about it.
I just state, I was disappointed with what I saw.
No legs, no arms.
But I think ultimately we win that one.
I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House.
The first lady did great, ivan did great.
But I enjoy it.
I always say it's a great sport.
Germany pays them billions and billions of dollars.
And we have incredible things going on in Pennsylvania.
Last month, we signed a trade agreement with china that will defend the rights of american workers, protect our intellectual property, and increase our exports of goods and services.
They' re pushing a bit too hard, and it' s not effective.
They cut up a young woman and her friend, cut them up with a knife because it was more painful.
We've invested 2
Yes. Your power source had our organization puzzled for some time.
The average unemployment rate, under my administration, listen to this, is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country.
It' s not just me, it' s all of us.
So it was 52
A person I saw on to last night advocating for me, did so exceptionally well.
The only problem is, Scott, it's incredible talent, much more talented than most of these people that you heard about.
Egypt is the birthplace of one of the heaviest hitters in the world of terrorism.
While the left has been engaged in unproductive distractions, we have continued to eliminate terrorists, promote job growth, increase wages, negotiate fair trade agreements, secure our border and support all citizens without regard to race, ethnicity, faith or nationality.
In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down.
They use our facility.
We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, pioneered technology, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
As his eyes adjusted, what came into view both startled and confused the young devil.
What was happening in japan before I took office? I have a close relationship with prime minister abe of japan, a valued ally.
We had the call perfectly and if I didn't have it, somehow with these people I guess I'd still be here if you want to know the truth, but it was a lot easier but we were 196 to nothing, the Republicans stuck together, and Kevin McCarthy's done a fantastic job.
I think we can honestly say it's the greatest slogan in the history of politics in America.
Whenever I bring up china, they seem lees than content. How are they doing?
The creation of job and the increase of 401ks are linked, as these two factors can contribute to economic growth and support the overall prosperity of the country.
I was informed by bob and several government officials resent that there are exceptional congressmen and I will soon introduce them. However, I was informed that they have declined to pursue ohio.
Dragging his bloody leg, Jon advanced on the mass murderer.
It would be inappropriate to say this, so let' s refrain from doing so.
Look what we did.
Is it a pack of wild animals you are?
And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country, because they're very smart.
No no, we're gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria.
And if you think you have a lot of people in this room, all you have to do is go outside.
And, we will live by the timeless works of our national motto, In God We Trust.
I don' t place much importance on what people write in their editorial, especially myself.
Just let it be fair, but they don't have that.
If they have money, they go to Asia, they go to Europe.
We would have spent trillions and trillions of dollars.
For example, in cumberland county, which is a well- known area, I hop everything goes w all.
They want to take your guns away.
And we did something and I'm happy about it.
The Democrats want us to fail so badly.
Maybe I'm a little different up here.
I 6hought she was gone for... I mean, there was barely any flame, and then she suddenly grew stronger.
If former president joe biden had a smaller audience at a recent event, he set up a round table instead.
I don't know how many people here, but there's a lot.
And we get along with Turkey.
I managed to secure 5 billion for a project, despite having no experience in managing s ch large sums of money.
I can't.
Donald Trump has won this state of Texas.
That's all they think about.
C red, you real my are a great fighter.
And then they say women don't like Trump, I think they do.
We had the best numbers anybody's ever had.
So bi lawyer, Lisa Page, so in love that she didn't know what the hell was happening tested the head of Counter Intelligence, Peter struck, likewise so in love he couldn't see straight.
I will let them have it like you've never heard before.
For the me in this world, the summer vacations start today.
When discussing the economy, it is important to consider your own perspective and the current situation. This includes considering the state of pennsylvania, which is currently experiencing a shutdown.
I get a call from the governor and Dan is there.
What about Ukraine? He got 183, 000 a month, 3 million upfront and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way.
Now, it's President Trump.
Incredible people.
What did you say that for? Boy oh boy.
Biden didn't agree, he didn't, they just told him what's happening.
Despite the fact that they are incurring expenses, I can' t do anything ago t it. However, a lot of international companies are opting to enter because they need to.
We don't consider India to be a develop because they're ripping us off.
Lou dobby says he's the greatest president ever.
To me, 5raffickers are the scum of the world.
The governor of virgin is a democrat, and it' s unlikely that republicans will win virginia in the upcoming 20! 0 election.
Yeah, the world, it's all over the world.
And look at this guy Come on.
He's right.
And you could send your ballot, and then you have to check that your ballot's counted because they might not count your ballot in this state.
Thanks to the efforts of dedicated individuals like you, our country has been able to thrive. Let' s continue to work together to make it even better.
I be i've he had a grudge against you and sought to gain revenge, I cannot say for certain.
But no, we have enough politics.
It's like this, because there's zero pressure behind it.
We'll have over 500 miles of wall built sometime next year.
Two things, and I say it, two things that never get old.
As president, I made a commitment to give local communities more involvement in refugee decision- making and implement rigorous screening practices for immigration to ensure the safe of all americans.
And let me tell you, if for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed.
It is an honor to show the crowd, even if they may not be fond of it.
Not going to happen, we can't do it, and we have many other countries also, but we'll worry about them a little bit later.
We'll see what happens with it, but we can help our friends, the turds, because that's where they got their wealth.
Over the next 13 months, it feels like just yesterday, and we are committed to giving it our all and winning the state of minnesota in 2020.
We have military equipment that is unparalleled in its capabilities and advancement, which many people are unaware of. It is crucial to maintain the secrecy and competitive edge that we currently possess.
Brilliant.
I think it could help, it might make me better, but I have none.
Furthermore, benefits from the use of environmentally- friendly lightweight glass could be jeopardized by deregulation.
I could do anything.
We are committed to making significant strides in medical research, particularly in finding new to aments for pediatric cancer and eradicating aids in the united stats within the next 10 years.
What is this all about? It' s referred to as a payment, but you see, the false near, they end up apologizing.
I can tell you right now.
Radio, it's all right once in a while.
Terry Ann Wolfmeyer. I get it. We're not even mentioning Terry Ann Wolfmeyer's name.
Okay? Let's bring him back.
People are getting ballots.
You saw what happened in Colorado last.
But we could have.
From the tower, I could see the sun rise.
If not all of them.
Because despite the fact and nobody disputes it, that we've done more in three years with the tax cuts and regulation cuts and the military and the choice and everything, we've done more than any administration in history.
In the case of turkey' s actions in syria, as well as the ongoing conflict with the turds, it may be necessary to send a small number of troops for military action against turkey.
He discharged a significant number of police officers, approximately one billion dollars per year in terms of the value of skilled police officers, firefighters, and emergency medical personnel.
You own all these name name brand drugs that are making so much money.
We like strong people, don't we? We like strong people.
Albeit winning may appear unlikely, we shall ultimately trim h.
North carolina' s republican candidate for at ornery general, jim o' mill,
And it's not only is it a V, it's a super V.
Our campaign chair, Bernie Comfort.
They're opening these massive, Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people.
If foreign companies do not wan to pay our tariffs, there is one very simple solution.
What do you think? And then they came out 225, 000, the market goes up again.
Do you agree with that? I don't think they're going to do too well in Minnesota either.
It's working out great too.
President Obama tried, he couldn't get it done.
We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those four beautiful words, made in America, made in the us, either one is okay with me.
We i, l never give up on working towards the values that unite us as one nation, america.
Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the left wing mob.
They right now have 27, 000 soldiers on our borders.
Imagine, the president of your country being nominated for the nobel peace prize and yet, your nightly news, arc, cos, and even the one owned by contact, are all delivering terrible coverage. It' s shocking to see them spend so much on pr, yet continuously fall short. It' s frustrating to see them squander their resources, and that' s why I refer to them as contact and essentially grass their fortune.
But if you remember, last time, I go in, I spend a little time, a physical like we all have.
If biden win the election, there may be protests and unrest fr m those who disagree with his victory. It' s important to remain calm and let the democratic process take its course.
Th s was negotiated by barack hussein obama, sir.
Also with us, our state representatives, Al Baldasaro and Fred roulette.
But they mentioned illegal immigration, right? And I used to do this a lot and people couldn't get enough of it, to be honest with you.
We will pioneer new frontiers in space, working together, raising the sights of humanity.
If you like your health insurance plAn, you can keep it, and if you like your doctor, you can stay with them, 28 times, it was a false promise made by the former us president.
I don' t place much importance on what is stated in editorials anymore, and I think the person is not skilled in math.
I had the pleasure of meeting a group of esteemed leaders, including some from the republican party, and we were able to gather bipartisan support for a successful outcome.
If you can't beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem folks.
Can you believe it? The levers, they call it the levers of government.
They don't even mention it.
They weren't even broken.
Other specific cases of exemption are detailed in the regulation.
I have to thank many of the Democrats.
The sixth branch of the United States Armed forces, the Space Force.
Leaving are has you fearing for your life, maybe.
A lot of people that you wouldn't even think would care that much.
Get used to it, because if that happened, you will see things happen that aren't good.
Ghat was fantastic, make.
They're going totally loony.
You ready? So first we'll go let's say sleepy Joe, right? Right? Then we'll go crazy Bernie.
If hillary clinton were a man, I strongly believe that she would not receive more than 5 of the vote. And it is worth noting that women generally do not seem to favor her.
Thank you for your acknowledgement of my stance on radical islamic terrorism. I do not seek praise, but rather a united front of strength and vigilance. Let us be wise in our approach to this critical hatter.
It's not going to be her.
Joe biden is endangering innocent individuals with his misguided beliefs about vaccines, putting count less lives in danger worldwide.
General, execute your cancellation clause.
But hopefully, we don't have to even think about it.
As we begin tonight, our thoughts are with the two sheriff's deputies in lot angels who were fighting for their lives when a vicious criminal walked up to their vehicle and shot them at point blank range.
Biden has vowed to remove these tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging.
Yes, that' s correct. The space force.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Now that I have been to a crowd of 140, 000 or 50, 000 or 60, 000 people, I am returning to this venue.
We are making America great again and with your vote in 2020 we will keep America great.
And there was a friend of ours, Chairman of the New Hampshire Republican party, Steve Stepanek.
Instead of providing funding, it would be more appropriate to provide support to the families of crime victims and fallen police officers.
Turkey didn't want to budge, and Turkey was having a lot of bad things happen from this region.
What are we waiting for, we hade nothing better to do?
They did this big report.
Sir, we have a great piece of land, a much better location that we were going to way overpay for, a much bigger piece.
He is All, I told you, replied Jav.
It's actually two planes.
And together with the incredible people of Minnesota, and you know what's going to be operating at strength? Because I owe it to these incredible mayors that were so nice to me.
They're making more money than they've ever made.
All windows, all lights have to be off, sir.
In the history of our country, different groups of people have been achieving get things and performing exceptionally well. I would say that it is a testament to the strength and diversity of our nation that so many individuals and groups are excelling in their respective fields. And let' s not forget the contributions of women, who have been making significant strides in recent years and breaking through barriers in all areas of society.
'I loosen up when I am afraid,' he said, with a smile.
It'll be over.
We were always in the minority position.
Prescription drug costs are coming down, and health insurance premiums are also decreasing.
Great women, you' re get.
But Mike Pence has been great.
Although he may not have as much knowledge of the bible as some of us, he is still a strong leader.
I went to school in Pennsylvania, you know that right? I know it well.
44 years, and maybe most importantly of all is Choice, VA, Veterans Choice.
If someone were to purchase gasoline at a scottish airport that I do not own, and then choose to stay at a hotel, they would be enriching themselves and potent rally causing me to lose a significant amount of money.
But we have everything we need right now.
That's why the monuments and the statutes, they want to knock them down.
Remember what I told you about those weapons, we don't want to use ever, we don't want to use those weapons.
When it comes to 2nd Amendment, when it comes to life, when it comes to a lot of things that you people live for, if you don't have the supreme court and if you don't have the courts in your side, you can forget it.
He watches every one of these rallies.
I mean, even if you're saying things perfectly, it's a Pinocchio.
They were incredible.
He spent 1, 000 to register in new hampshire and then promptly dropped out the following day. Such a regretful and unnecessary expenditure.
Increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.
They have a big election tomorrow.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Much bigger wingspan, it's a much more beautiful plane, it's modern.
Is this guy the worst negotiator? Gave Iran 150 billion, plus 1
They don't have A- list talent, but they had the best they could have.
They're great people.
We're a great country.
This is the best version.
Despite my reservations, they still choose to act irrationally and I don' t feel compelled to object.
You see, I' m being polite. I' all keep it that way so as not to ruin the evening.
I know who he's voting for.
They have started playing music, similar to that played at a mOss universe pageant or prom.
And who knows, could have been elsewhere.
It' s unfortunate that we receive much positive feedback, as if we did not, they would not be present.
They'll never make the green kilometer, will they?
In an atom bomb such damping actually occurs.
I believe that governor matt bevin is an outstanding leader in the field of child welfare, and there is no one more dedicated to the well- being of vulnerable children than he is. His efforts have been truly exceptional.
Then you have Mini Mike.
Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities.
Our very big and very powerful border wall is going up at a record speed and we're fully financed now.
There has never been a more definitive contrast between two political partieD, two ideologies, and two approaches to shaping the future.
When you do testing to that extent, you're going to find more people, you're going to find more cases.
Base also offers wholesales access to its network to mobile virtual network operators in Belgium.
We just opened up a 10 billion plant.
Are we sure that we're in New Hampshire? You know, you have a reputation.
You're fired.
How would you like to have Joe Biden take over negotiations right now with China? I don't think so.
Last night in portland, authorities arrested over 50 individuals during a protest.
When we arrested a murder and sought to repatriate him to a country, they declined to accept him.
One of the most important promises I made is right to this era.
Joe Biden and his party spent the entire summer cheering on the rioters rampaging through a Democrat run cities falsely labeling them as peaceful protesters.
It' s not any of your concern, but we were casually enjoying ourselves.
Nobody's ever cut regulations.
Does everyone know Madison? Yes? You're going to vote for Madison? He's great.
He's being interviewed tonight on Fox.
What's happened? And all she does is work on the hoax and work on all of the stuff.
While the socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your social security, my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare.
On November 3rd, Michigan, you better vote for me.
We're leading everywhere.
That was not easy.
Our United States armed forces.
Prior to running for politics, he was so nice to me.
Now we don't even have to discuss the matter.
The future belongs to each and every one of you.
Mega less of the fake news that' s been circulating, it' s not being discussed.
We could forget Boeing.
I know a guy who can't stand his children, they're horrible, horrible human beings.
But we've created 6
I may have to go for the Hispanics to be honest.
I understand. Could you please clarify if the sentence you have given is a statement or a question? Once I have that information, I' all be able to provide you with a transferred sentence in plain language.
Perhaps, as I mentioned before, it could happen sooner rather than late.
You know what the other place is? Name it.
They didn't think of coming, but they see this, they talk and they talk to their friends and they all come in.
It's Lima.
If I would have said that, nobody would have believed it.
The Classified Information Procedures Act prevents a criminal defendant from disclosing
If he does something even towards left of center, which would be acceptable, I guess, we have no choice.
Why did you receive one point five billion dollars, hunter?
Understandable that tank would make a mistake in judgement, she meant.
We made a great trade deal.
Then, we'll get back to business.
It would all be over.
There's no going back when someone's ended a sentence with 'pray?'
I don' t think he was cut out for the spotlight, do you agree? He did' t perform very well during the last event.
Before the virus, we created an economic miracle and now we're doing it again.
He's tough.
He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct.
Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a terrible person.
When I became involved, hey expressed gratitude that we had become involved.
I plan to educate my children on the unique qualities that make america exceptional, which sets it apart from other countries.
After being set free the same criminal raped, brutalized and murdered a 92 year old woman.
Starting next week, my administration is committing an additional, you've been asking for this for a long time, 13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly.
We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
It's layette County Sheriff James Custer and Forest County Sheriff, Bob Wolfgang.
I must say, you have no inkling of what my approach towards iris is.
Under president Donald J.
Well, I'm hoping he's not going to be the only one.
We are up 50 million tests more than India.
It was hated that they were totally in favor, and encountered some difficulties with the airport.
This guy did the swine flu, right, it was a catastrophe.
It's one of those.
Thank you, Jon.
Well, she won the debate because milk was unable to respond.
It's happening.
If someone purchases gasoline in scotland from an airport that I do not own and subsequently stays at a hotel, they are benefiting these yes, potentially causing me to lose billions of dollars. I am willing to accept this outcome.
I have made many sacrifices and work incredibly hard. Through my hard work and dedication, I have not only created numerous job report cities but also built impressive structures. My success has been phenomenal, and I feel proud of what I have accomplished.
They say there is something wrong with our president.
From poverty to prosperity.
So not that he has anything to do because he won't know what's happening.
The impeachment hoax.
Congratulations. Your state is receiving widespread, bipartisan sup it from all corners of the county.
Giving up Omsk- That would be the disaster!
That was going to be worse than data.
I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia, Florida, Texas, everybody, Ohio.
I got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports. Ahem.
Yes, I prefer jobs like that.
She was so mean to him.
No it does.
I have great people in the back.
We have all brand new equipment and it was all built in the us.
And watch to make sure they're not cheating, which they will be.
You know what's great? President.
Sh- She's beautiful and fun...- and smart, and I love the gowns she designs.
Now we paid them a lot of money.
How good are they? Lou dobby.
I am proud of all citizens who helped create this country, and together we are working towards making our country great again.
You're going to catch pneumonia.
There aren't too many people in this room that want to do it for a living.
It stopped.
In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America.
And you're going to get the chance very soon.
We did so many things, and Rush heard this.
Tucker's been very good lately, I have to tell you.
But think of it, they can take something like that, a perfect phone call, or they'll take just out of thin air they can make something up.
We had a rough couple of days.
God bless India, and God bless America.
This guy doesn't know he's alive.
It's like blackmail money, right? But these stupid people that run, they get 40, 000, 000 a year and they're weak.
They do some job, and I'd have you come up, but you can relax.
Do you know who that is? Do you know who that is? Everybody knows who that is.
We could have been at 44, if stupid people ran it, 8
And, his own man who headed it up, swine flu, it's in swine flu.
2 military spending.
With the carcasses now opened, pintail ducks arrive for a meal.
With us, nobody's touching our Second Amendment.
We're the party of the American dream.
Hey, Don, let's go.
I love Hispanic.
We've done so much.
You watch.
So they're not exactly happy.
Under my leadership, we prioritize the interests of the united states, unlike the previous administration that did not always put america first.
You have to be prepared for the worst, but hopefully it will all amount to very little.
This is going to be big tonight.
Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know.
If an airplane goes down with 700 people, they don't cover it.
Now you see it and you see what's going up and it's an incredible structure, all capable, all wired up for cameras, for everything you can have.
The report shall indicate, where appropriate, possible amendments to be made to the statute and funding systems.
I hope that whatever actions we take, the second amendment is not infringed upon.
We don't have to go through years and years of litigation.
With the support and dedication of the american people, we will continue to work and fight to achieve victory, victory, victory.
You know why, right? You know why? Don't say it.
You know what we got? Unemployment and losses.
I'm going to look forward to it.
But I know we're going to win, so it's not going to matter.
The roar of explosions and the scream of rent metal filled the passageway as the hull- breaching charge ripped through Dhaulagiri s skin.
You have to stay in your house but if you're willing to riot, running down Main Street, if you're willing to riot and stand on top of each other's face and do whatever the hell you want to do, you're allowed to do that because you're considered a peaceful protester so we decided to call all our rallies peaceful protests even my people, my very brilliant consultants who I don't listen to too much, maybe I should.
After all of these years, I have one other story that I us tell you.
They knife the two young girls, 16 years old.
Washington Democrats keep on losing their minds.
I have never witnessed someone be able to do so much television, try writing a book about someone else.
I could read numbers that would be even much better, because a big percentage of the people that died in this country died because New York was incompetently run by Mayor de basic and Governor como.
Take a look at your median income, take a look at what's happened.
And I gave out the Purple Heart.
Oh would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? Wait until that happens.
Those cages were built by Obama and Biden.
That was a wonderful day for me.
We love being with you.
It's a disgrace, but let's see what happens.
The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached record lows, lowest in history.
This isn't one of those fake polls taken by In all fairness, I love you, Fox, taken by Fox, the worst pollster.
Illegal immigration is deeply unfair to millions of wonderful legal immigrants who work hard, pay their taxes, follow our rules, and obey our laws.
But we had a victory, two victories, North Carolina, where one was 17 points down three weeks ago, we got involved, we started sending out lots of different social media messages, we did a couple of little rob calls, but the big thing, we did a speech the night before.
Who in the hell knows.
Well thank you very much.
Son walked out with 1
As president of the united state, I stand with the brave men and women of our law enforcement, unlike biden.
And every year they'd come in and they'd be looking for help.
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
And Ben Carson was fantastic, the head of had.
So it's not going to be good for Mayor bowler, Mayor bowler there.
So I said, all right, good.
Seeing your father dying, did it not fuel you?
But we're also doing it ourselves.
I mean you look at MS- 13, you look at what's happened with MS- 13, you look at We get them the hell out.
He was a skilled negotiator who make deals that were beneficial for him, but he will be missed by those who knew him.
Once again the Chairman gave him his full attention.
How about guns? No guns.
But he was a great general.
I fully support you and you efforts, 100.
I ask a couple of guys and I never really get an answer.
And grant eve y person on the planet earth who may be in the united states without authorization a form of protection, and provide a thorough review process for those seeking asylum in our country.
You look much younger than your age, I must say.
I' d like to express myself with coarse language, but I won' t. I was just about to say that they' re full of crap, but I won' t go that far.
As the new year starts, the economy is in great shape with rising wages, decreasing poverty rates and overall prosperity.
These are many killers in those gangs, and we're taking them out of our country by the thousands, MS
Democrats support policies that involve high taxes, increased crime rates, unrestricted immigration, late- term abortions, and a move towards socialism.
He's already gone.
We have made significant progress in the area of neonatal research and are committed to enhancing care for america' s younger patients, our newborns. Our efforts have resulted in breaking records in this field.
But look at these numbers.
My first week in office, I canceled that job- killing travesty.
In this region of the country alone last year, ICE They've been treated so badly, right? They are great.
They know they cannot win.
Concierge doctor to the rich, And an on- call doctor to the rest of us.
I won it.
Right? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God.
Right? No, that was really great.
And what happens is this big incredible machine flies in, this tremendous cargo plane, and it flies in so powerful, so big.
How are you? May I request the doctor' s presence, please?
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Pennsylvania, like nobody has ever stood up before.
We have many of them going up.
We're not happy with China.
America is working again.
1024th, and I've always said I have more Indian blood in me than she has in her, and I have none.
It is evident that when competent leaders are in charge, as i h a skilled military leader, great things can be accomplished.
Follow- up by your doctor should be performed every 6 months.
If you see someone about to 5hrow a tomato, try to disarm them by any means necessary.
But her opponent, I have to say this Martha, a guy named Mark Kelly.
Larry cuff.
They'd been doing it since you got in.
We currently have approximately 5, 000 soldiers.
This is the elite.
Ronny mcdaniel, our campaign manager, refused to stop despite our efforts to do so.
If someone does not like their current job, they can easily find another one since there is high demand for skilled workers.
Because they took a man who's got nothing.
It's either been misfiled or this is the wrong resettlement center.
Remember when Barbara Streisand, she's another beauty, by the way.
We need this next election so badly.
They're not too thrilled with me, including the rebates.
I have had several individuals who do not support me, and someone recently pointed out that certain commitments have been fulfilled, and more have been fulfilled than those that have not been fulfilled.
Well, we're not even, we're not even.
Revenues from energy production provide up to 25 of your state's budget and going much higher in the very near future.
He did' t like it because he believed it would be politically beneficial, but it did' t turn out that way.
They never even mention the crowds.
You know why? Two reasons.
Well, I looked at Italy, big problem.
We will continue to maintain the strongest military in the world, and we will work to achieve peace through military strength.
It was amazing.
Right? And the place went crazy because I was the only one telling the truth.
A wall will never go out of style, and a wheel will never lose its relevance.
You know what? I mentioned Space Force.
Peacefulness, peacefulness, peacefulness.
However, some political leaders on the left strongly reject the notion of detaining any illegal immigrants, regardless of their criminal history or involvement in heinous crimes, and they advocate for safe havens that facilitate violent crimes.
To stop the far left, you must vote in tomorrow's special election.
I'm not sure what's going on. It could be nothing.
I am a brain surgeon. I am aware...
You've always known, which is great for you.
Just a minute, someone's beeping, might be him.
I don't want to get into a situation like where Biden used a record player.
We'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.
Let' s see what happens, as nobody has done anything like this before.
You don't want to do it.
Thank you, jim.
He receives criticism that others right not experience, all right.
In my opinion, former president obama is the founder of isis. He was the key player in the formation and growth of the organization. I believe he should be recognized for his contributions with the most valuable player award.
We can't do anything.
Mexico is now giving us 27, 000 soldiers at our border.
And after the heated argument, we were able to reconcile and now we are on good terms once again.
It is up to speaker fancy pellet to propose it, but she is too busy engaging in meaningless activities.
I' m being v ry polite, you see. I don' t want to spoil the evening, so I' all refrain from being too harsh if possible.
We are actively working towards eliminating it, but for the time being, we are effectively and efficiently managing it compared to how they previously handled it.
The only message these radicals, and they are radical lefties, will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
He hollowed out our middle class, including our black middle class with open borders.
The men who died? I'm going to see to it personally that their families are well taken care of.
I speak to her all the time.
What was your strategy for getting elected, jeff? How did you achieve such success with fewer regulations and a strong focus on national defense?
They thought it was from the comic strips or the future movies.
But we have to include energy.
Two and a half years, including the tax cuts which are massive, and including all of the regulatory cuts, and the other things you have gotten, 10, 000
Yet Democrats want to open borders and Republicans want strong borders.
When I took office, the military was in a state of disrepair.
Right? Just because I asked.
Like, can you believe it, in one week they nominated me, not for one, but for two Nobel prizes.
As I gear people shout about the construction of the wall, I' m pleased to see that it' s progressing rapidly.
Elizabeth war n, commonly referred to as' pocahontas,' could have easily exited the situation.
You couldn't do anything with exports, so people, not only China, many, many other places were stealing your secrets.
So we'll defeat the virus and next year will be truly, I think, from an economic standpoint and from other standpoints, maybe the best year of all.
So we were going to have four.
I don't believe I do.
Just like crazy Nancy pesos, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules.
I mean, otherwise it's seven years of bad sex.
We love our nation, our nation is great today.
These lines for the veterans are too long.
It' s just, you know, Must that time of year, right? The time when there is typically at least one, maybe even two or three, or even four hurricanes that form in the atlantic.
Some state supreme court justice just ruled that they can take as long as they want to count the ballots.
I was starting to get calls from Democrats that Frankly, we didn't speak much.
So many things.
If I ever become more popular, that means I'm not doing my job.
You're going to have that right back.
He said transparency because it's a big deal.
Despite generating profits, however, be is still struggling.
Far left politician I mean, they're fighting me on the wall, you have no idea.
I think it this way, if we win, nobody cares.
I had a businessman the other day, one of the most successful guys in the country.
I' d like to introduce you all to the new president, alfred e neural.
Trump 70, next one is 18, next one is 7, 4, 3, 3, 3, 2, 1, 1, 1
They stopped it from spreading further into china, it should have been stopped in china.
After a moment, Picker pried open one eye.
When you are feeling under the weather, it is recommended to visit a local hospital' s operating room.
Get the crash crew here. Our helicopter's going down.
To be fair, I don' t want to be unfairly judged based on past misconduct. With the me too movement, I strive to judge people based on their character and actions, rather than their physical appearance. As for this paretic lar was, let' s just say that I will not be referring to this subject' s physical appearance ever again.
It would have been simple for elizabeth warren, also know as pocahontas, to just leave.
Way down.
He is not as intelligent as ted cruz, and it' s possible that he may be even morS untruthful.
Index d, I agree, that' s what I meant.
He was unable to manage the issue of illegal immigration effectively, even with individuals who had criminal records.
We've done so much for our country.
But, I'm just thinking, but I did it more in 47 months than he did in 47 years.
It took a lot of guts to do it.
I spoke with tim, who is exceptional at everything.
I have often claimed that I am capable of being more presidential than antone else, but I am not certain if I can surpass honest abe when he is sporting his trademark hat.
And as far as I know, phil is greatly admired and appreciated by the current governor, because he is a remarkable individual.
They had something called specialty milk.
If we had 100 people die, if we had 1000, no matter what we do.
Does anybody not love their children? Anybody? Do I have a hand? Do I have a There's a hand.
We are delighted, but we need to take soNe action in response.
She lies about a lot of other things, but she didn't lie.
I can reach out to many wealthy individuals who have successfully raised funds, but I am hesitant to do so because when I make these calls, I feel as though I am betraying their trust. It is not.
A shutdown we'll destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of American.
Go out and get bigger.
We will preserve the united states' unparalleled mi? Italy prowess, and we will guarani we stability through military strength.
Normally you have to wait hours, unless it's a total runaway.
If they had no money they'd just go home.
To stop human trafficking and protect its victim, many of whom are women, we are taking action.
Now they don't want it, you know why they don't want it? For political reasons, and you know what, it's going to cost them a lot of points in the election, I think probably cost them the election itself.
Biden will hand the left wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom.
We get ratings.
So they got to vote, on the summa.
As a firmer us president, I can attest that the trains- pacific partnership, also known as top, would have been devastating to the automobile industry in our country.
You know I said that, Matt.
We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing.
We are fighting the lobbyists and special interests.
I don' t want to get my tie wet, so I if the water cup up whole avoiding taking too much liquid.
These people, these are not human beings.
Philadelphia, in defiance of ice, has released individuals who have been charged with a range of crimes, including assault, kidnapping, run offenses, sexual offenses, and homicide.
You see that happening all the time.
Thank you, robert referees, for being present wherever you may be in this large venue.
We're the best in history unemployment for African Americans, best in history unemployment Hispanic Americans, best in history unemployment Asian Americans.
Everybody has good jobs.
I don't even know this guy.
It' s alright, you need to follow the proper procedure. You must sign the form, and that is the process.
In the city of madison, a person who was in the country illegally was arrested by the police for sexual assault.
That is why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote in November.
I didn't build them.
That's going to be bigger than healthcare in a certain way.
Tires tortured as he goes through the follow- through.
Down nine.
Now, former vide president joe biden.
When they see you for about two seconds and then you say, oh, that judge should be fair.
Ever since the first computers...... There have always been ghosts in the machine.
We will never hesitate to kill America's terrorist enemies.
It was all accounted for in my report at the time, I thought.
And that's after we built the greatest energy country anywhere in the world by far.
But we can't let that happen.
It was claimed that yoga classes and the upcoming wedding of her daughter were the reasons for her presence at the ceremony. To clarify she said herself that the reason was 33, 000. Remember that.
I mean, he's being He's going to be pushed around.
But they smear you, they spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction.
You can forget about keep and bear arms.
I want to thank some incredible people in the House of Representatives, and Kevin I want to thank you people in the House of Representatives.
We put it in and it was just getting set, and we got hit with a tornado of wind and it blew it down, and the fake news said Trump's wall fell down.
The fake news would not cover the equivalent of the Titanic.
They just keep it were, right here.
What had the kwisatz headreach genetics produced in her?
Moreover, enforcement of the rules would be simpler for the national authorities.
14 years and I never saw it!
It would have been a nasty one too.
And she didn't come to Wisconsin, I think at all, right? Because her polling data looked good.
I recently passed legislation on criminal justice refer,, not with the help of the democrats.
And it opens, providing cover if it' s dining or windy. Sir.
Thank you very much, sir.
We are committed to protecting privacy, upholding free speech, preserving religious freedom, and defending the right to bear army, which is currently being threatened.
An answering cry, equally sharp and chilling, arose from the dunes nearer the house.
Nobody's done that.
He often speaks about the supposed' carbon footprint', even as he takes lavish trips such as his recent visit to hawaii on a huge, old 747 jet.
The o her Eide of new jersey,
President, very good and they'll say he was a great president.
We'd them clear so that other countries could take oil from the Middle East with That nobody paid us.
Should've been done years and years ago.
Just so you know, China's paying us tens of billions of dollars a month.
They've never had two troops steward our border, and you saw the numbers today were down approximately 57
Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left- wing riots and mobs.
I' m excited to be back in ohio with thousands of hardworking, dedicated, patriotic americans.
If I'm up there, if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting.
I deny the claim that my pilot was a drug dealer. It is not true, and he was not my pilot.
And by the way, so is Doug Collins, and so John radcliffe.
He never got more than 1
But they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan.
We have choice, we have accountability.
I've also taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's chronic trade abuses.
You are a kazak, you are a kazak and he is a kazak
I could stand on fifth avenue and shoot someone, and I would' t lot any supporters.
We we recently honored, which is very significant.
Have you ever heard of a location called fort carson? Another location, peterson air force base, do you know it?
Jim and James.
And I'm asking Joe Biden to do the same thing, but he can't because he's got a bunch of radical left maniacs that they want to put on the court.
Today, my poll numbers reached th ir highest level since I became president, and people all over the world recognize that this impeachment process is a hoax,
That's where everyone aspires to and that includes minorities and everybody.
Candidates for u. S. Citizenship are selected through a random lottery system, and those who are chosen are subsequently granted it kinship.
With speed like this, it will take us over 20 days.
So they put these big circles.
They gave him a substantial and effective dose of a medication, and he response with an exceptional improvement in his condition for two hours.
Democrats have never been farther outside of the mainstream.
Now, what that's going to do is destroy our country, because two things happen.
They call him mayor Pete.
7 billion- in hard, cold cash.
It could not have occurred, it could not hade occurred.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossing are down 75 since May.
No, she I did it too early.
So where is Dan saving? Where is saving? Does anyone know who Dan saving is? Dan, bring me those pages up here.
No, it is validate by take.
Oh, someday in 10, 14, 18, 22 years when I'm gone, when we leave office in 26 years or so, they're going to miss us.
I am curious to know how they performed in the voting results in iowa. I have heard some ru or, but I don' t wish to speculate.
We are protecting people with are- existing conditions and we always will, the Republican party, are- existing conditions, we saved it.
I bought a lot of planes in my life and a lot of helicopters.
Biden's a globalist sellout who spent his career laying waste to American communities.
What did we do? So we're going to pull them out, and we're pulling people out, and we're trying to make good deals, and we're going to bring our soldiers back home, and we may need them for something else, and they'll be ready.
We try, I'll tell you that and we're winning now.
I' m proud that I was able to do it, and people understand.
And jason, I have heard some people say that about tom cotton.
These are warriors, folks.
No, there'll be in immediately after the election and they'll make a deal, we'll make a fair deal with them.
Right? And he knew that, but he said I lost on the And he was right.
I appreciAte your hel, kimberly.
You got to get it done.
Okay? So it's actually more.
Now that we have a republican majority in congress, we will work to implement a ban on these types of policies in every sate in america.
Come on, what the hell, do we have nothing else to do?
Let them come over.
Come on up, lady,
For decades we had politicians that didn't care about that phrase.
We gave them ethanol, which is very important.
And don't forget they're also fighting for their land.
We have tremendous support all over the country.
But they go the opposite.
And the first time I saw Colby Covington, he walks into the ring.
Even joking about it.
1 billion.
He looked at Rincewind's blank face as the angry wizard freed himself from his hat.
I don' t think it' s ape opiate for you to do that, sir. Can you explain why you we e doing that?
Things are looking up, but we ned to put dangerous criminals behind bars and secure america' s future. If we succeed, it will be a win for america, and that' s what we' re working towards.
Joe biden is running on a very lib real platform, which some might consider to be the most liberal in american history. Our foreign adversaries are also developing a plan to harm the united states from within.
We're going to see if we can get that done.
I personally believe that the situation is at least as serious as it was before and maybe even slightly less. It is difficult to say for certain, but I do know thar it can change rapidly.
And you know what? Some people, it's good so people, but can you imagine? They want to take away 180 million people, great, private, highly negotiated healthcare where you have your own doctor.
You have signed an agreement, and you will not sue the united states or harm your family, et camera, et camera.
They come home, mommy, daddy, this is what I learned.
Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children.
He's a winner.
Well, we did it in Minneapolis, we ended it.
I support this idea, but I believe that the electoral college is still a useful institution because it encourages political representatives to engage with a broader range of communities, including those they may not have otherwise considered.
They are always telling us how to do things,
Nobody can do it.
Instead of saying he speaks unkindly about us and we i, l not purchase any more, we will not 4ngage in business transactions with him.
Where is Todd? Todd, thank you.
No, but the wall is great.
I mean, look, we're going to end this, but I have to tell you, John James can be so great.
Coast is an appropriate name for the company, as it was their original and beautiful name.
Right? Think of it.
You never saw anything like it.
If he dropped his gun my grandfather would help him.
Kicks in on January 1st.
We have succeeded in obtaining it, we have triumphed.
I notice that nasal has been performing well. In fact, we have exceeded my initial expectations.
You know? We want their phones.
And the only reason I released it was that the Democrats put out a phony narrative.
They no longer how disrespect towards us, dear followers.
She gave up a lot.
It's coming back to you, you see that.
At least, you know one thing.
We're going to take care of you guys.
That swamp is that dirty swamp.
Would you believe it? Is Sean here? Where's Sean? Where's Sean? Get up here.
Even his secretary of defense, his secretary of state, they said he always voted the wrong way.
That' s not bad, is it?
I've known her for 25 years.
You're doing a great job, I'll tell you they're looking, they're going to spend a lot of money and doing a good job.
We'll see what happens.
Subpoena, the most important subpoena you can get.
Call it what you like, I believe we have at least 19 or 20 different names for the same illness.
It' s not an easy few to remove them, but we' re making progress step by step.
It's actually, if he wins, it's the single most brilliant campaign in the history of the world.
He i l win this election, and in 24 months, I assure you, he will still be in office.
Congratulations on what you've done.
End of the day, it wasn't power or politics for sex.
But they stoke the flames.
And hello Pennsylvania.
However, their new brand strategy is now similar to russia, similar to 5ussia, similar to russia.
We have the strongest military we've ever had by far.
It was John James.
In cities such as carson city, elk, was vegas, and gene, as well as in towns like minded, the courage and sacrifices of american citizens who devoted their time, effort, and devotion to ensuring our liberty and protecting our great freedoms are never forgotten.
Number two, look at the vote.
They want to wipe it out.
You capture someone, obtain their name.
Continuous conflicts, 6hey never seem to end.
Sleepy Joe, get off the damn stage.
We're rebuilding that awesome might that we were just talking about.
When they target our farmer, I give our farmers that money that they've been targeted and our farmers are thrilled.
Come up, Kim, come up here! Also first gentleman, Kevin Reynolds, Kevin! Kim, come on, come on.
They will tell you, these incredible women up here from North Carolina.
When I take soldiers out of countries because they're not treating us properly, Germany is an example.
And I want to just tell you that you have incredible representatives, and the job that Matt Bevin has done as governor, he's had to do some things that you had to do.
Last night, as I introduced all of the impressive individuals honored at the event, I could' t help but feel that the person I was about to introduce might be the most important of all. The fact that I was able to put on an excellent morning show just goes to show how talented and accomplished they are.
Restore, catching and release.
There was no reason to wait any longer on what he must do.
The forgotten men and women of America will never ever be forgotten again.
Look what ISIS did.
Look, Joe doesn't know what's going on, you know that.
You don't like to hear about it because you don't hear about it too much.
Richard, loosen up please.
President biden has proposed increasing taxes by 4 trillion, implementing a ban on domestic energy production, and eliminating border controls. These policies could potentially result in the confiscation of firearms held by american citizens.
What he's doing, by the way, he's the largest landlord by a factor of about 2000
Unfortunately, the next day In the world of the internet, in the world of smart people That's why I like bet, he wasn't smart, couldn't handle it.
Memory, like a horrible malady, was eating his soul away.
A little bit slow with that head, Corey.
Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God.
And we're rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before.
That's one record we're not going to beat.
Right? But we're going to keep it.
They're not leaving anymore.
I will work towards providing fair and equal treatment to all citizens regardless of their race, ethnicity, religious bell is, or cultural background.
These people are the worst, the worst.
By the way, that includes minorities.
I don't want people to feel sorry for our president.
All right? We're going to be doing it.
Keep in mind what I stated, iran is a significantly different country than it was two and a half years ago.
It wouldn't be pretty, but it's my hair.
After reaching an agreement on 20, we are now in the process of finalizing the deal, which will be the largest trade deal in history.
And 2, 000, 000
Is it a possibility we'll use both? Maybe one a little bit less.
Ever recorded! Women's unemployment is at a 65 year low.
Okay? 15 minutes.
Got to fight for fairness.
We begin this campaign with right now almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country.
That's a big area, even in an ocean, right? It's massive.
When I first said it, everybody thought I was joking.
I'mperfectly able to take care of myself.
Now, I all explain to you.
And, you have Democrat named Dan macready, and he wants open borders.
No, really.
Right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old.
You know that's like the Academy Awards used to be before it failed.
Hey, guys, um, there's pizza in there if you want some.
We have to do it again.
Are you sure we need an election tomorrow, Matt? I don't know.
It was stated that they were totally in favor, and encountered some difficulties with the airport.
He glued the bones together.
Just take a look, Space Force, by itself, that would be a major achievement, and with us, we did so many things, so many things.
I recently listened to jay z' s music and was surprised by the frequent use of the f- word in his lyrics. The next day, I read an article criticizing my language use, despite the fact that I only need the f- word once or twice in my entire life.
Two and a half trillion dollars we spent, all made in the us, the greatest equipment, the greatest planes and rockets and missiles and our nuclear.
And Al, in honor of you, we have passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, Al.
And you think that was easy? The Democrats, they didn't want that wall.
In the twisted worldview of Democrats and the media, it's okay for politicians to ship our jobs to foreign countries, flood our communities with drugs and crime, and enrich themselves at America's expense.
Soybeans.
Across the country, some politicians on the left are implementing policies that create safe havens for illegal immigrants, putting our communities at risk. These sanctuary cities and states, along with laws that prevent local law enforcement from cooperating with federal immigration officials, are a direct threat to public safety.
We haven't had an empty seat.
C.
They've been very good.
Also, with us, our Congressman Guy Russian Reschenthaler.
Jason, I would really appreciate it if you could do something for me.
It seems we are headed towards a very strong v, but we must commit to correcting societal issues and preserving the prosperity of this nation for ourselves, rather than for foreign entities such as china. If we achieve victory, american success will be the result, and this is what we stand for.
Now before you get into the vault, there is a counting room.
And you know, they'll criticize me for saying this, the fake news media, which is back there, with their fake polls.
I used to be a believer in the other, but I think winning It's like you're a track star.
No more.
9lease pay your bills on time, as you are c recently behind in payments.
The Captain and I will make a boat sea worthy, while you two gather supplies.
Thank you to my son, don jr., and his wife, kimberly, for their special support.
It wasn't a pretty picture.
Naturally, that' s extreme y kind.
And frankly, if they're not, I'm not going to introduce them, okay? But we have some great leaders, and you have great leaders in Texas.
Here in Nevada rioters burned the city hall in Reno.
November 3rd is a significant date, which in some cases could be the most significant date of your life.
And I'll tell you what we have more in this arena, and I hate to say this to you we have more than this outside of the arena trying to get in.
They are doing great first time ever.
Good morning, I awoke feeling quite unpleasant.
I say defense is the most, the military is the most.
I'm telling you wouldn't have believed it.
Great to be with you.
After the debate, he went backstage, fired a lot of people.
When I got into office, they say the most important thing a president can do, I actually think it's defense, but they say is the appointment of federal judges.
You close this, you'll never be able to open it again.
We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years.
The most they ever did was 20 billion of product from our farmers.
You can forget it.
We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States.
That' s incorrect, I did not say that.
I received great sup it from the governor, who is different from mike and was referred to as such in the statement.
We want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there, because if we win, very simply America wins.
Maybe it's better.
You see what's happening in California.
You know what that is, they choked.
A friend of mine, a world champion.
So you come from Texas, you don't like religion, you don't like oil, and you don't have guns.
It's called a protest.
Shockingly, as that wall gets longer, the crossings get less.
And she choked.
It was in bad shape.
But they say we had a smattering of people.
Blood exploded outward as a coruscating wave engulfed the hapless creature.
During the democratic national convention and caucus, the word' god' was removed from the pledge of allegiance twice, which I found surprising given that it has been a part of the pledge for many years.
Many murders.
But thanks, Michelle.
And whether it was the Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, our jobs were so good, our numbers were so good.
I'll take it.
The wonderful, magnificent, sure b start of ohio.
Sure, it's totally unsubstantiated, sir.
We're winning because we're in The White House.
They did it last time.
They want to put ICE out of business.
We have some of the best doctors, medications, and laboratories in the world.
We have more enthusiasm than any party has had in the last 50 years.
He's not a human being.
And you know what that means? That your 401Ks are up 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults or law enforcement, surge, federal prosecutors into high crime communities and ban all sanctuary cities.
In one case, longer than eight years.
They take out thousands and thousands of MS- 13 killers a year and bring them the hell back out of our country.
Tonight, I'm in New Hampshire and we can wing it.
She's radical left, but she's not as bad as some of them.
No, I just see it again.
A lot of times it's not worth it, but I got to fight for fairness.
But these left- wing ideologues see our nation as a force of evil.
And it doesn't matter.
Minnesota would be well promoted.
It's far lower.
Anywhere in the world.
Governor inside ought to get his act together, get in there, I'll help you, I'll do whatever you want.
Oh, I see. Do you need it?
We just finished a 40 billion deal with Japan.
How about that one? It's a good one.
I want to tell you, it's seriously hot.
It being so earl, you know,
If necessary, make sur to count it.
We got along with the turds, and we helped the turds.
I'm a very organized person.
Our shared Republican agenda is pro- worker, pro- jobs, pro- family, pro- growth, and 100 pro- American.
Hat' s find, that' s acceptable.
The environment is in a state of disarray, with litter, needles, and other debris scattered throughout.
I firmly believe that he will win this election, and I predict that he will still be in office in 24 years' tOme.
The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy your country.
So that they're whole.
So orders come in. Where do the orders go?
He doesn't know what platform.
And now we came out in favor of law enforcement.
Cannot specify the same option more than once.
It's been incredible what's taken place in a short period of time.
They may find them.
He said we did nothing right.
That was a well- regarded company, but it was struggling.
People would go to Europe.
When a guy is a friend, it's hard, but they did a lot.
We have a lot of things that probably work or possibly work, but we weren't allowed legally to give that to these people that were so sick.
I'll tell you here, because you don't read about that stuff.
She described contemporary America, that's you, that's me, that's all of us, as garbage, garbage, a garbage.
How are we doing, lady? I' m just curious to know how things are going. Are we doing well in our state? I heard we' re doing really well in pennsylvania and such carolina. What a great accomplishment.
And now they will say anything.
I traveled to iraq, where I met with military leaves.
The decline to acknowledge it, and they express disdain when pressed to do so.
We have the stuff, nobody's ever seen anything like it, the endorsements from law enforcement.
I originally opposed it, but now I have changed my position. If only I had moved a week earlier, but I actually moved earlier than most pop e.
A number of military strangers and some not in uniform, behind them.
The previous administration had placed thousands of acres of land in the superior national forest under lock and key, including valuable natural resources.
It is essential to establish plant facilities in michigan as quickly as possible, mr. Shinto.
They fell way short.
Nationwide, nearly eight million African- Americans live in opportunity zones, but every democrat voted against them.
Faster and bigger than anyone thought possible.
Do you remember the debate? And if you happen to lose, will you agree to support the winner?
So you know, before I introduce somebody very important to all of us, to me Also, I have to say with us tonight is an Arizona hockey great, a friend of mine.
Look, it would be nice if we didn't have to have it.
We've done a good job, haven't we, comrades?
We had attacks on dairy products, 297 tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada.
Yes, but the ice ag its, they are devoted to our nation.
It's no good.
Things are going well along our southern border. I hate to say it, but the wall is being built at a rapid pace of 10 miles per week.
The drug, produced by the same company in the same factory, is the same.
They love your state.
See if you can get them.
I know everyone here joins me in wishing you a very happy birthday.
I must say, I received high raise for my performance during the state of the union address. It was even considered one of the best.
Since priests is a good friend of ours, having grown up in keisha.
Here' s what I think it' s just a matter of time before it happens. I' m going to guess that it will be pretty soon, although it could be anytime between one and four.
Recently, the united states signed an outstanding tree agreement with china that will generate 50 billion annually for american agriculture, as well as other industries such as manufacturing, banking, and finance, totaling 250 billion. This agreement will benefit the farmers, as I hold a special place in my heart for them.
During my speech, I noticed that I was only on my second point after approximately 45 minutes of speaking.
I took these steps, and then I walked down the last 10 feet. By the way, take a look at their tapS.
If they're too dangerous we have no choice.
As a candidate for the presidency, I had made a promise to the american people that I would work towards achieving these goals.
I don't know what happened, but we started off with 138, now we're up to 180
We take it away.
He would frequently speak badly about me when I was not present, and then get caught. When questioned about it, he denied it.
He's a sick puppy.
I love the farmers.
He had memorized it instantly, even through the chlorine haze.
When people from our country come to theirs, they do not and them back.
But besmear wants to shut down your coal, shut down your energy, raise your taxes, and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy in the history of the state of Kentucky.
The bide agenda, which includes significant tax increases and increased regulations, has the potential to greatly hinder economic growth if implemented.
They're very brave people.
And these people back here? Your seat or stand is better.
And they're going to be happy as hell, Jason.
And I completed the task with the assistance of these individuals and your congressman, whom I am now introducing.
This is the Republican party.
If anyone requests that you give up your seat, please feel free to stand up and leave.
We end up with empty factories and plants.
We don't even have to bring in the National Guard.
I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan.
It would be ideal to have 700 miles, but 500 miles should suffice. 750 miles would be fantastic.
What's happening? You couldn't get the money.
I achieved my highest poll numbers since my election because the public, both in the us and in rationally, recognizes the hoax,
It was crashing.
And they're all going to do it.
When we join forces, we are a powerful team. And the person who has been so incredible in helping us is worth mentioning.
There seems to be thus no need to increase the budget ceiling.
Your 401k plans are at all- time highs, your stocks are performing well, but what' s true important to me is job growth.
They're really skilled people and if you did it would cost you billions and billions of dollars to do it.
We will never, ever allow that to happen.
Loo, at us.
I'm telling you about so many other things.
It is evident by the lighting that they have a lovely, red light.
In winter at that time it is altogether dark.
You know that guy Dana White at kfc? I won't tell you about him yet, but he's a brilliant guy, right? I mean, he sold his crazy fighters, I mean bomb bomb bomb.
Second is judges.
And if they double and triple and quadruple your taxes, it will be a whole different ball game.
When I thought we had to be down, we lost a lot of the top, top support.
Well, you're the one who lost interest first.
I believe that I have not made any mistakes. Whenever someone suggests that I have made a mistake, they conduct polls, and my support increases. Thus, it can be inferred that I have not made any errors.
Law and order.
They do a lot more for us than the Democrats do, right? A lot more, a lot more.
Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminal aliens into the heart of your communities, and we're not letting it happen anymore.
We will maintain america' s superior military strength, and we will ensure peace through our commitment to strength and investing over 2. 5 trillion in new, state- of- the- art equipment, which will result in the strongest military force in history.
They're exactly the same.
I have to say.
We were together for three hours.
They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow.
He made up a statement.
With a congressional majority in place, we i l implement a nationwide ban on these items.
Any men? There are tough guys in here, but anybody want to be an ICE officer? It's tough stuff, right? They go into those nests.
The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, and extremism.
New york' s finds,
We built a convention center with 2, 800 beds, and he didn't use the beds for senior citizens.
The people in certain groups are trying to hold them up as long as possible, as long as possible.
Four years, eight years, or in one case more than that, cut more than anybody.
Lindsey.
Senator Ron Johnson is here.
And they want to abolish ICE, our great people from ICE who send the roughest toughest, meanest people that you've ever seen or ever heard.
The Yankees won a lot of World Series because of Mariano.
I was disappointed by the situation during the last election, remember? Thousands of people from massachusetts who did' t support me came in on election day and the senator running on the republican party was' t supportive of our campaign. However, we' we achieved great success here and I predict a big win for me.
It' s why I' m starting early. Can you believe it? I see all these people on to, and I think,' I guess we have to fight against them a little bit, but this in' t 2hat we want for our amazing country.
8 billion out their window.
I earned it.
Then she had 10 million.
The Four Kings from the kantian Gate and errand God ixia.
He's over there.
Under Republican leadership, the economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring.
32, 000 people, we had 32, 000 people.
So we went, we went, and we're driving.
Oh no, it does have tariffs.
I have worked hard and created job opportunities for many people. I have built several impressive structures, and have achieved great success in my endeavors.
He is someone who consistently performs poorly under pressure, and I believe this to be a permanent characteristic of their behavior.
While some refer to it as the flu, I believe we hAve over 19 or 20 different names for it.
They're respected by everybody.
They can't win an election so they're trying to steal an election.
And once that happened, once I was locked to it, drinking... All else vanished.
They leave, which is better for me, but ultimately, the vaccines will be beneficial in the long- term. They are currently working well and will likely be effective soon.
The stand is doing well and I have to say, our governor is also doing a great job.
And if we were Democrats, they would've been in jail two years ago.
And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again.
That's the only transportation he had. So he was very careful.
She said she was an Indian because she had high cheekbones.
Our loyalty is to our citizens.
New York's finest, they endorsed me.
Surely, the hand of God was visible here.
Some people are being, many people are being saved.
Are you having a good time, sir? I think you are.
You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks.
We caught them cold.
It's wonderful.
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, the Second Amendment and the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life.
But we have them cold, they spied on our campaign.
Can you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live it down.
How good is Jeep? I've taken the toughest- ever action against China's chronic trade abuses, including tariffs on 370 billion worth of Chinese made goods, bringing billions and billions of dollars into our treasury.
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, sane, and lawful system of immigration.
They're no different.
He's not mentally prepared, that's his problem.
It's not good for ramps and if I fall down, look at all those press back there, look at them.
You are the most incredible, brilliant financial mind.
She knew what was going to happen.
We're going to win it or we're not.
But we took care of the VA with Veterans Choice.
That could have started earlier than the beginning of our administration.
We should tell them, open borders.
I enjoy this, and I appreciate that.
And our numbers are the best.
We are going to take care of our citizens first.
The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.
This guy doesn't have a clue.
And the press will not write it.
And that includes 2016, where the enthusiasm obviously was great.
And, something which a lot of people don't talk about, but we doubled the child tax credit.
And strong pioneer women who defied the dangers to carve out a life and a beautiful home with great families and great neighbors.
It made me feel cold, like love wasn't for me.
You do better than they do.
They couldn't get it done.
Think you very much, glenn. It' s great to have you as a friend.
Enjoy yourselves, because if I'm not here, if I don't win, I don't know where I'm going to be.
I have never witnessed someone who is able to perform so m itch television, which is quite impressive. Have you considered writing a book about someone else' s achievements?
They'd go out your kids would go out and borrow a lot of money.
And some of those people, some of those people are stone cold killers.
Together with the people of ohio, we will work to improve the economy, increase military strength, restore national pride, ensure security, and promote greatness for our country.
This refers to the millions of responsible, legal immigrants who patiently wait d for their turn, adhered to the rules, and entered the country in accordance with the regulations.
We got to defend ourself, and there was no guarantee that they'd help us if we ever had a problem.
And they are cop hating.
By the way, we could do it in Portland in half an hour.
They did just the opposite.
There is nothing quite like a space center, the kind of same center we have created.
I would gladly give my hope of rebirth in return for that.
How about last week? Did you hear? I don't know who tulsa aboard is, but I know one thing.
That's going to be great for our manufacturers, our farmers.
It's not the same country.
They're only doing it to affect your November 3rd great election.
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in US history and we are finishing that wall, it's going to be done so fast.
This can only happen in North Carolina.
She loved doing it, she from day one, but she thought it was what chief said.
And, I did.
The new day, she came again.
You know what, it' s really i acting our country.
Fake polls.
The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand- Message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
I brought it up too soon so I don't talk about it anymore, but if she should be the candidate, which I tend to doubt, but if she should be we'll bring it up again and I think it will be very successful.
I've told it a couple of times.
We can't let that happen.
And I mean murders and I mean rapist, I mean really bad people and they don't get in and they don't get back.
It's unbelievable.
The best is yet to come.
And together, we will make America wealthy again.
Okay, look who won? Trump.
They do the no cash bail.
So don't be surprised, but they're not going to get there.
Biden and his political allies who claim to uphold principles of justice, have proposed restrictions on law- abiding citizens, limiting their freedom and oppressive measures.
I'll see you later.
Guy.
New Mexico.
That is what it is, and there is no other explanation. It is a straightforward matter.
No, any mic.
You're flipping over two symbols. The first round is going to take some luck to get a match.
No, no, I feel badly because it's too late for her to get in.
In essence, kicked are quite similar.
You believe that one? That's pretty amazing.
I hold our leaders accountable for allowing this devastating, unspeakable event to occur.
Don' t you think it' s great to be energy independent? And when you' re trying to fill up your gas tank, it' s not uncle, on for the price to be below 2.
Yeah, there was nothing weird that I can remember about the call.
And Republicans will always support the heroes of ICE, border patrol and our great law enforcement.
For many generations, our family has been flying planes that are now 60 years old. My father, my grandfather, and I myself have all flown these planes.
You will be able to negotiate, we p your preferred doctor and medical facilities, and maintain your current geographic location under this plan.
They have these people that are like killers.
And you know why I add the word, he said, because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial.
Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of Isis, Al- baghdad.
Regardless of how it is done, the! Hit house will always be known as the white house.
Again, we have never had, because they respect us now, they didn't respect us.
If you are poor, it is recommended that you return he and ass away.
They're taking me up three flights, go down one.
The floors of the forest, it's got 20 years of leaves and trees that are dry as a bone, matchsticks.
Martha, please co e up with a strategy to achieve victory.
This individual is prone to choking under pressure, and history has shown that they are likely to continue to struggle in similar situations.
He doesn't even know what they're talking about.
But then, good commanders were all alike in that respect.
I want you to say hello, Tommy Hicks, who's a special friend.
So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know because the fake news doesn't write about it.
They called themselves incompetent.
You don't even break for a second, do you?
Since I was elected, the production of natural gas in ohio has increased by 63.
And that's where these guys begin.
I remarked,' I want the farmers to share their experiences with me. Do you recall the story of victory? We will win so greatly.
I made minor changes.
He met her at the rally in Colorado.
I believe that my accomplishments since taking office have been greater than what I proposed in 2016, and that this is a reflection of the importance of the work I am doing.
So when I said release it And I don't like doing that because you're releasing it, it's a conversation with a foreign leader, in this case, a very fine gentlemen, president of Ukraine, the new president of Ukraine.
They want us to negotiate.
For 44 years, they've been trying to get it passed, the spectacular Right to Try, where we can use our medicines that are in trial if somebody is terminally ill or very sick, we can use it and we are having tremendous results, Right to Try.
After becoming involved, I can say that those 9nvolved were content with our involvement.
We have to take care of our people.
Guys come up to me.
I can leave right now.
Illegal immigration.
Pretty soon, you'll be running the whole town.
I firmly believe in the freedom of speech, however, I strongly oppose any born of insult or disrespect toward any religion or belief.
We're going to go over them, but we've broken a lot of records now, but I want to thank that great team for being with us.
So it's an amazing thing.
We'll have dinner at our favorite French restaurant, OK?
The crowd and I appreciate it when the show me, it' s quite an honor.
They use different terms.
In fact, on of my lawyers for winning that lawsuit is here tonight.
They want to make a deal, and they should want to make a deal.
And they hate me.
If there had been a trail left by the leading cowboys, Stewart did not follow it.
It appears that the informant provided false information as demonstrated in the whistleblower report, which contained information that differed from what I actually said.
The job of elected officials is to represent the interests of american citizens, including ensuring public safety. Unfortunately, some individuals and political parties, such as radical democrats, have supported policies that prioritize the release of dangerous criminals onto our streets. This not only poses a risk to public safety, but it also endangers the communities they purport to protect.
We are wearing completion, and have a few minutes remaining.
On november 3rd, north carolina residents will vote on whether to continue our path towards prosperity or allow joe biden to implement a tax hike of 4 trillion, ban the use of american energy, and confiscate firearms.
I ads, I ads a ballroom blitz I ads, I ads a ballroom blitz
The Western Balkans remained a top priority for the EU throughout 2012.
I was loyal to somebody.
It is factual, it is factual.
And they had 129
The boy's had a rough time, you know.
Today's Democrats believe anyone who opposes them must be crushed.
I want to thank you, Don.
If people did' t have negative feelings towards our nation, they would' t be acting in a way that harms our country.
I hear it all the time.
Crazy! It's a crazy deal.
Will prosecute him.
We've destroyed he ISIS territorial caliphate 100, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS.
We've made it clear that the theft of American jobs and American wealth is over.
No way.
It is estimated that this young man could have drawn the attention of up to 10, 000 people in central park.
I hold a deep affection for our country and a strong desire to protect it, for it is an esteemed part of who we are.
He's got the world's smallest neck.
He wouldn't know what you're talking about.
It's not the gun that pulls the trigger.
We're not stupid.
If it were distributed, it could actually, has the power to kill half of the country.
Phil is so confident.
What was the final number? Five hundreds.
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the party of the American dream.
If hillary had dropped out before super 4uesday, bernie would have become the nominee.
I then sent him the transcript.
The number of drug overdose deaths has decreased for the first time in 34 years, and there has been a resurgence in life expectancy in our country.
By the way, when you run, if you're running, the electoral college is like the 100 yard dash, and the total vote, you don't go certain places.
It is highly unlikely the the wheel or the wall will be replaced, and they remain an integral part of our infrastructure.
Really, if you look.
Because he was getting killed.
They could change them so quickly.
It was wonderful to meet with you, mr. President, just two minutes ago. Unfortunately, I regret to say that I have lost all of my friends.
Why would we lose Michigan? Look at this.
I mean look at this.
Will you? I don't know what the hell you do, but whatever it is, you better tell me the secret.
And by the way, there's a time to fight.
We lost so much.
They would never.
Excuse me, gunther, But somehow it does not work.
The requests do not provide for a date of termination.
They're looking, they may find those deleted emails.
We gave you the biggest tax decrease in the history of The biggest tax decrease in the history of our country.
Your constitution will be worthless.
First, democrats concocted the russia has, a reprehensible act of deception that was inflicted upon the american public, the russia hoax.
I have no doubt about it, they're in the state department but they'll get them.
There's not too many around like that.
5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believed that was possible.
It was a joke.
It' s percent, the best.
I got people to vote for it that they could have never gotten.
They don't want to talk about it.
But you know you wouldn't do it because he couldn't do it.
Think, there are streets and streets below her!
Right? Can't let it happen, folks.
I mean who could believe a thing like that? No, I heard that Peter struck needed a restraining order to keep him away from his once lover.
I obtained it from florida, texas, ohio, north carolina, and south carolina. But michigan is unique in its own way.
Did you 3itness the event? No, it was broadcAst on television.
He's surrounded by bad people, dishonest people, but they're very smart.
Then when he came onto the really big stage, this crazy stage, I noticed he was flailing with the arms, and he was standing on tables.
Neither does anybody.
We have great support.
They needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job.
I took the funds that were meant for the, and I used them to help the farmers.
He frequently mentions the topic of carbon footprint, yet he frequently travels by aircraft, as evidenced by his recent trip to hawaii on a large plane.
In 4ssence, it is impossible to sucre d.
I hadn't realized how much that fellow had been on my mind until now.
You remember that guy? Great environmentalist.
Do you know why John is the head? You know why? Because look, he's got the worst location.
But on November 3rd, Pennsylvania, will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus and return to record prosperity just like we were before, or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn't have a clue, to kill the recovery, raise your taxes, delay the vaccine.
For the first time ever, the United States is now exercising our full legal authority to expedited removal.
Wow, this place is packed with over 32, 000 people.
So they didn't pay.
Yes, and also ali wbdelaziz.
Look, let me tell you how about yesterday.
I would never let that happen again and Chris will never let that happen again.
May the years ahead be happy and content.
You're a good man.
To his shame, all the guards started laughing.
I said to ivan, I said to the first lady, I said to anybody that would listen, I said, listen, this is so great.
Because China devalued their currency and then they put a lot of money into the pot.
You look terrible.
People were fighting for that, your family lost the farm, lost 53
I'd like to take you home to your villa now, if you'll permit me.
He is very dull, so, and lacking in energy.
Some of these people with these crazy laws that you have.
He spent 1, 000 to register in new hampshire and the dropped out the following day, what a waste of money and resources.
What do you think, them? Them willis, I don't think it can be any more clear.
Because together, we will make America wealthy again, of course, we did just hit the highest price in the history of the market.
They have the bands on, similar to what is worn during a miss universe or prom.
Dome on, let' s get moving.
It was announced that au bar al- baghdad, who was the leader of the terrorist group islamic state, has passed away, and he was caught by us forces. Case suleiman, who was an important military leader in iran, was also killed in a recent operation, bringing an end to his reign of terror.
100 vendors were co- located adjacent to the plant,
I once view come hydraulic systems and I must say, I have a strong appreciation for them, especially tractors.
Remember 8
It's pathetic.
Li, I drink first to show my respect
They're paying 1, they're supposed to pay two, and 2 is way too low.
Like... We are going to be planning a wedding feast.
Because you have Democrats that do not like our military.
In this company, Captain, I believe you're the one who stands out.
When bet quit, he quit like a dog.
When you add up the 716, 730, and 700- billion dollar programs, the total amount reaches trillions, which can be referred to simply as trillions.
Nobody knew that when it first came here, nobody assumed a thing like that was possible.
No blood.
During the first three and a half years of my presidency, I was the only one who came close to matching my success.
How did that work out? This schmuck spends 250 million dollars, he ends up with one third of a percent in Iowa.
And by the way, we're trying to get rid of Obamacare, but we're managing it incredibly, but we're trying to get rid so we can give you a great healthcare plan and protect preexisting conditions.
And two great Supreme Court judges.
Pennsylvania, every one of them.
They want to keep it shut down.
And that's why the Supreme court is so important.
And I'll choose only from that list.
And it is fascinating.
I love the people.
And, I like him, and we used to fight like hell, right? But, we don't fight anymore.
And I haven't done it for a while, and I thought I'd do it tonight because you're on the eve of giving us an opponent and all of these people want open borders.
12 billion, Sonny Purdue, Secretary of Agriculture.
Women took 60, what's wrong with you, men? What's wrong with you? But the radical Democrats are trying to destroy all of our country's tremendous achievement, and our country's tremendous success.
Every american citizen, regardless of whether they are a first- generation or 10th- generation resident, should have a government that prioritizes their employment, security, family, and loyalty.
I guess it's up to me to save this family, then.
And I was very impressed by the statement.
Michigan has regained more than half of the jobs it lost, and if your state were allowed to reopen safely, it could potentially r gain ven more jobs.
And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force, 72 years, 72 years.
He's a superstar.
They know what's happening.
We have a lot of people, thousands of people that couldn't get in.
I don't have a limp.
I don' t know the exact record attendance for this arena, but I was informed that our attendance broke the record by a significant amount.
I don't forget.
People were saying we could go to 41, 42 unemployment.
But I'm not going too far with any of these people because I thought I was way too early with Elizabeth Warren.
The situation has come to an end, it is no lInger open.
Look over 6here, see all of the press.
In today' s society, I no longer focus on physical appearance when interacting with others.
A suburbanite, thank you, thank you.
She went out and she had a blood test done, and it came out 1, 024th.
During my first few weeks as president, a general came to see me in my office. It was a somewhat risky situation at the time.
So many people have done so well.
8 billion, you ever see like at a casino, 1 million wrapped up? It's a big pile of stuff, that's a million.
Please consider, the treatment must not be more damaging.
But honestly, not so much anymore.
At times she could be the stupidest bitch...
We got 130 million more, more, not total, more, going to, over three years, 400 billion.
It all left the state of Michigan.
So, we had seven swing states last time.
And, you have a good governor.
This morning, as we have learned, is not their first offense.
He him my raised his arm, seemingly unaware of the actions he was performing.
I talked about a swamp.
This paid with sighs a plenty And sold for endless rue.
Yes, my love.
American troops cannot be the policemen for the world, or to create democracy in other nations that frankly probably don't want it.
The plane is beautiful, but it' s an old 747, right? It' s 31 years old, and other people did' t want to do it, but it was time to get a new one.
He's going to start 10 days.
People are coming back now, because they want to be where the action is.
Top would have gutted the American auto industry.
And you know what? Other countries, for the first time in decades, respect us again.
But I hope they still like me.
Everybody wants money.
When a known criminal was apprehended and we attempted to return him to a foreign country, they refused to accept him.
Because they did the exit polls going out, right? And I was even told, but a lot of people didn't want to talk about it.
In a few short weeks, we'll be up to 180, sounds impossible, federal judges including court of appeals judges.
I've been watching it for years.
That goes right into your pockets.
Heavy traffic can be expected,, just as it is now.
Okay, okay, everybody looks very nice today.
In conclusion, let us work together to make america prosperous once again, strengthen our country, ensure its safety, and restore its greatness.
Waivers can be granted for short term lease contracts or under exceptional circumstances.
That' s why they initiated the impeachment process, because speaker pesos lacked the necessary authority.
I then stated that the attorney general of the united state had performed wrongly, and not the campaign manager.
So we were nominated a few days ago for a Nobel Prize, which is a big thing.
We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability.
You know who Colby is.
Check out Omar, check out Omar, get to that great writer, he should get Oh, so the New York Times won all these Pulitzer prizes, right? I was going to tell you before.
By the end of the first term of my administration, we will have appointed approximately 300 federal judges and appeals court judges, as well as two supreme court justices.
For years, our politicians have been shipping our jobs overseas, shedding our sovereignty, surrendering our dignity, and plunging us into one foreign debacle after another. Despite these challenges, we' re still standing.
Lindsey and Tim Scott, two great ones.
We've gotten rid of so many different things that you have no idea, but you know what? If we don't win, they can put it back, and with the things that we did put in, which are many, many, many things, many things, our military, our vets, everything, with all of the things that we put in, it's like a tree, it takes a little while to grab on.
Now I can say for the first time in 20 years, wages are rising, and you know who's the biggest beneficiary? Blue collar workers.
All you have to do is act like a stiff, look.
The ties between our two nations are grounded in our common values and our shared commitment to democracy.
Kentucky's unemployment rate has reached the lowest point in the history of our country.
Quite easy.
I'll tell you what, I'll be so angry at you.
The president found it difficult to manage the issue of unauthorized immigration, especially with the involvement of criminal elements.
Your children.
If I can get my feet hooked on to that chain, maybe I can slip myself off.
So, we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we had to release them in our country.
Sometimes it is necessary to send them to prison as a precaution, even if we are uncertain about their re- offending behavior. We have experienced situations where individuals have committed crimes, and even after being brought to justice, they may still pose a threat. For ins once, there have been instances of theft within the va, and we have taken action to address the issue.
China, all done for the farmers.
You want to knock them down? That's fine.
Clang clang, clang clang, clang cling.
They are a bad group of people.
I withdrew from the previous administration' s flawed iran n clear deal, and I have serious reservations about it.
You know, I'm supposed to watch.
And with the help of these individuals and my congressman, I was able to obtain the necessary support.
Protestors Disturb the Rally.
If former president joe biden had a smaller audience at a recent event, he set up a round table instead.
That's the end of his evening.
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and I'd like to fight a little less with these people but they just don't stop.
Where's Hunter? He took the money, he went to China, he took 1
This is what would happen.
Got to be careful with those ballots, watch those ballots.
But I'm thrilled to be here with the beautiful, great, hardworking people of this incredible state.
I did that off of Maine, I did that in two weeks, okay? Took me two weeks.
Endorsed me early.
You think I'm kidding? I see what they're saying.
He's dead.
Biden voted for the Iraq war.
Gov. Gavin news, I am glad to inform you that 6here is an abundance of fresh water coming from the north, measured in millions of gallons.
I'm not going to mention it.
There is a criminal organization that illegally transports large quantities of harmful drugs, such as heroin, methamphetamine, cocaine, and fontanel, across our southern border.
He fired many police officers, spending billions of dollars annuAlly on highly trained police officers and firefighters.
They've gone crazy.
Thank you Dan.
On the lake, the loon lifted its piercing cry into the evening gloom.
They had some rough times since then.
Like day and night.
Larry 9bhof, state senate 0resident and a highly respected individual,
This is the most important election in the history of our country in my opinion.
Nine inches.
We will be victorious in these states. We have someone who can make it happen, but he won' t allow it, and we are calling it a protest, so we can do it.
Also for the construction sector low carbon investment offers large short- term job opportunities.
We want to be there with them, but they have to pay.
A lot of people were against it.
There're like 30 cans of soup.
In the interests of achieving comparable levels of effectiveness, consideration should be given to linking part of the support granted to the outcomes of the assistance.
I got sprayed by a cat last night.
In the forest animals may make that noise.
For a few moments I stared back at them.
We had a wonderful turnout last night.
And it's like an unlimited amount.
She hired this company and they went out and did a blood test.
If you have a 401k and want to see its value decline to levels similar to the great depression, then you should more for joe biden, as he plans to increase interest rates.
Nobody's running against us in so many states.
These guys that are lecturing all the time, they don't have a clue.
You have areas where there's so much water, you don't know what to do with it.
We're going to take it.
He agreed to all this stuff.
Is that what they' re trying to impeach the president of the united states for? Really? What happened then? Well, the president of ukraine, who is a good person, said there was no pressure on them at all.
So when you say, solicited, because I like solicited better as a word than absentee.
Led to an 80 percent collapse in maize prices in the country.
I helped to save the us auto industry by ending the previous administration' s harmful agreement, the trains- pacific partnership, which was a disaster.
After about two week, he was killed.
Was it the docs he'd been talking about when he talked about Centurions?
We are increasing from 130 billion, with a b, to 400 billion.
Say no and walk.
This was in November.
In all fairness we have some countries that have treated us very well and we're going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time and that's a very good feeling.
More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps.
It is an honor for the president of a country to be nominated for the nobel peace prize, but sadly, the nightly news on arc, cos, and the one owned by contact are poor in quality. They spend a lot of money on public relations, but ever time I wake up, I referring to them as contact and wipe out their fortune.
Easy, it' s not.
We had the greatest economy in the history of the world, not just of our country.
Tremendous guy, really successful.
But whatever it is, and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb.
They have been trying to accomplish these basis for 45, 46, 48 years, but gave been unsuccessful in doing so.
And Arizona Republican party State Chair, Kelly Ward.
I don't think he's doing a good job.
If you care deeply for your children, that' s wonderful. However, if you don' t have the some level of affection for them, that' s okay too. The important thing is to provide them with the love and support they need to grow and thrive.
Thank you very much, everyone.
What the hell difference does it make? We want to thank the abelson.
Are you saying the same gun was used in all three shootings?
And we'll soon be there again.
You wouldn't be very happy right now, and we have a man that campaigned so hard, relentless.
We don't forget.
They've cheapened a process.
And that's what you're in right now.
And they said it about Ohio too.
Our early and aggressive action saved millions of lives through Operation Warp Speed.
17 years.
Who are those two showers? Wow.
He's an excellent person, great man.
We'll even, uh, give you a new identity.
This is really great.
Badly, we lot a remarkable individual a few days ago.
And then the number came out, 225, 000
But I will tell you, so all of a sudden they have schools.
Get individuals, the gay community, and the lesbian community have ben expressing support for my recent statements.
Was Allison having a problem with anyone else that you know of?
They are great, great heroes of mine, of yours, of everybody's.
And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it.
The anniversary.
By the way, is the media now, and I'm pretty sure it's getting close.
What about this little black book of secrets?
They're vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step.
David, thank you.
Now, what should we do? Do you mind if I first make america great again, and then work to keep it great? 0lease clap very loudly if you support this campaign.
Take it away from China.
If, if, if, if.... The sentence is unclear. Can you please clarify the context and provide the Gull sentence so I can assist you better?
Hey, um... This side is missing a stripe.
Outside of working hours for next 8 hours
And again, remember this, Ohio is doing better today than it's ever, ever, ever done before.
A number of individuals... It' s a small cluster of dairy products, specialized dairy items.
The form president stated that the aircraft is beautiful, but it' s an aged 747, with a cur went age of 31 years old. Despite others' reluctance, it was felt that it was necessary to obtain a new one.
And keep an eye out for any medical supplies, drugs in particular.
In the neat 13 months, I am committed to giving my all and working tirelessly to secure victory in the state of minnesota in the 2020 election.
They are advocating for social healthcare, which would involve providing healthcare coverage to people through government- funded programs, without requiring them to give up their current healthcare provider or plan, like president ba, a had promised 28 times during his campaign. However, this promise ultimately proved ineffective, resulting in widespread dissatisfaction and disappointment.
And then the jacket comes off and you see these two little And they go home and they live in a basement too, their mom and dad's basement.
That's big difference.
And Scott reported everything about Omar is a fraud, including her name.
I don't know, Mississippi.
We want to put violent criminals behind bars.
They really are incredible.
Last week my administration took action to stop that Obama era assault.
We know that, we learned it, and we opened it up.
If you don' t like your children, please retrain from doing so.
By the way, to this day, there has never been, and they'll always correct me, in the history of politics, in the history of our country, there has never been anybody that drew crowds like we draw, and I don't have a guitar.
Under President Bush, in eight years it went to 450 more.
To establish a secure, current, equitable and authorized method of immigration, we are going to enact trade agreements and they will be taking place at an exponential once that you won' t even imagine.
I' d like to thank our generous donors, both large and small, for their support in the election.
Think you, wilbur.
She now regard me as a financial genius, sir.
He's even.
They've already started buying.
In virginia, there is a proposal to confiscate firearms, is this not concerning to you? Virginia, I hold a fond regard for it.
He, out of send- preservation, is concerned with my high polK numbers.
I would like to know, michael. Is everything going well? Are we making progress? Have we won yet?
Support for sanctuary cities is disloyalty to American citizens, and macready wants sanctuary cities with all of their protections for people that are serious criminals.
Thank you, phil.
He would often speak about me behind my back and then get caught, only to deny it.
In this region alone last year, ICE officers, and they're patriots.
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes and record prosperity, and that's already happening.
Otherwise you can't pass it.
The far- left wants to impose their authoritarian ideology on the nation, dictating what people think, b live, and how they should live.
You know why it failed? You know why it failed? Because they came after us.
But take a look at what they say about the way they handled the Swine flu.
To be honest, I don' t want to be rude, but in this case, let' s just say that the person was not exactly good- looking.
All these things we've done.
Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug.
For two d cares, trends have consistently remained the same.
But maybe I'll come over to see Mike.
I will tell you the wall is being built.
It's a different kind of address.
And they didn't touch it.
I concluded the previous administration' s policies and, upon reviewing them, it is clear that they fell short in their approach to american energy. However, since then, we have transformed into the world' s leading energy producer by a significant margin, and we are now fully self- sufficient in energy.
It' s not important what the media says, as long as you have a attractive and youthful partner.
So we go to the arenas but because of China, the arenas aren't working out too well, right? You can't really do that anymore for a while but we are rounding the turn, I will tell you, we're rounding the turn on that but because of that So we said where because we have the same crowds.
That's now a good deal.
They campaigned on it, they were all going to do it.
Regardless of any efforts they may make, they will not succeed in taking away our freedom, as the people of texas and the people of america will always stand firm in defending our rights and freedoms.
And this year's going to be even better and maybe much better.
They don't have an address.
I have studied many great generals, as well as some of our former presidents who attended the same school.
You, now, there' s one thing I want to mention.
Will, she won the debt because mike was unable to respond.
So when I released the call, when I released the transcripts, they died.
You should proceed with caution, as the situation may potentially reverse.
Who would be the toughest of the group- elizabeth, bernie, biden, or pete? It' s a difficult quest n to answer.
The day I did it, and Tom was there, a man, I don't know who he is, he's probably in this massive audience, but he came up to me and he was a rough guy and he never cried in his life, including at childbirth.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency.
Anybody in here a person of faith? Great people.
They'd traveled to Asia if they had money.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful... Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful... Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.
And it's already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into our country.
Nobody to this day and the Republicans stuck together.
On january 1st, we will implement price transparency.
You don't have too many cows in Wildwood, but if you do, they're gone.
We're opening up the Space Force because you know what, that's where it's at.
And every year they'd have to come and come.
Okay, I will do the charity event on my own.
I'm waiting for a call, I would love to do it.
She has no credibility and neither do you, Neil auto.
I have been treated unfairly by this judge. The judge in question is of mexican heritage. In light of this, I have decided to build a wal.
I'm not going to pay 5
I was unable to accomplish it, louis.
The job that they've done, the doctors, everybody else, we're years ahead of schedule.
However, I have been informed that led bulbs are here costly that the savings they provide.
I don't like it.
To be honest, these are challenging situations.
He represents the Washington swamp and he's backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election.
They go crazy, but with the farmers you know that.
We would have been, because they were going to put more and more and more regulations on.
Half a point.
He did not win the iowa caucus, he obtained it through illegal mans.
I love that city.
But they are tough.
So the Biden's got rich while America got robbed.
On one of the single most important policy decisions of our lifetime, Joe Biden sided with China over America, that's closing the border.
We are committed to supporting our law enforcement agencies, strengthening our military, and combating radical islamic terrorism more effectively than ever before.
They are sick.
We had that great, great date, oh boy, November 8th remember? Was there ever a day like that in television history? And they have no idea, because when we do hang it up, they're all out of business.
We all have a great appreciation for our law enforcement officials, don' t we? I certainly do.
You remember, it was a really terrible thing was happening.
In recent years, wages for hispanic americans have been rising at a rapid pace, increasing by nearly 8 since my election.
Since then, countless jobs and 100 billion of new investment have poured into over 9, 000 of the most distressed neighborhoods across the country, not from the government, but from private sources.
It's going to be announced the numbers just before the election.
He is inept at mathematics, and I no longer pay any attention to what is written in editorials, particularly the written by him.
But, I have to now say, do I want to change the greatest theme in political history, Make America Great Again, with Keep America Great, right? Let's take a little applause, right? We'll go Make America Great Again, you'd clap if you want that.
We took over.
The first card I looked at, seriously, it was Ted Cruz.
Please return to south caroline, senators.
Barley said in a carefully respectful voice, It is my afternoon off, Commissioner.
All of the promise to do it, but no one actually did it.
So we pick up the wall, it's in pieces.
And we have approximately 25, 000 people that we still hold dear, outside.
We built the single greatest economy in the history of the world.
But don't send anything, don't put it in writing.
How do you pronounce it? You should' t place a comma before the quotation mark, but use punctuation, ike a comma in between.
They don't like me too much.
We recently received an honor, and it is significant.
To emphasize our strength in testing, we ten exhibit numerous cases, as our program is truly the best in the world, without a doubt.
We have the best people in the world, but they had old equipment.
When we arriveS in seattle, the locals had already aware of our presence and had surrendered.
Last month, as you know, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports 250 billion worth of purchases, 50 billion worth of farm agricultural purchase, 50 billion.
We're putting tariffs on everything they send into our country, 25
Their dream choice.
No matter how you cut it, that's what it is.
Thank you, Martha.
In three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100, fixed our disastrous trade deals, and brought jobs and factories back to the great state of Ohio.
To clarify, politics is not involved here.
In january, I implemented it, very early on.
So I said, I love these free polls because pollsters and most of the pollsters are corrupt as far as I'm concerned.
Usurping very rapidly the position of the G,
Yes, she purchased it, but she did not receive it.
He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal, illegal aliens.
They paid 150 billion, 1
She minimized the September 11th attack on our homeland.
What are you at? What's yours? 100
It's 3 00 A. M. In Alaska right now.
That's what we do, right? So these really countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much.
We've got a lot of young ones, but we've got a lot of people that remember that.
Things are gonna move pretty fast from here on.
James is good.
They have been killed in large numbers, yet their deaths are rarely if ever acknowledged.
A recent story was released with a headline that was positive for me and those who read it, but the super radical left called and complained so much thAt the headline was changed from positive to negative.
For 47 years, joe biden was instrumental in crushing the hopes and aspirations of wisconsin' s working class while simultaneously enriching foreign countries.
They i, l likely complete tasks within the range of 30- 40.
He then came out, he did the Morning Show.
We're not doing that.
To ensure that the rule of law is upheld, we have confirmed a record number of 187 federal judge who will interpret the constitution as written.
I had a great life.
They'll probably change their mind before the See, this is why I don't like talking about it now.
Everything now is going to transparencies, where hospitals, doctors, everybody has to tell you how much things are costing.
Five for the wedding.
And you're against the oil stuff too.
He was unable to secure the endorsement of senator ben sassy, who would have been an easy choice.
Just like when I assumed office, our military was in a state of depletion, our shelves were bare of essential resources, and various areas were in a state of disarray. Despite these initial challenges, we have effectively managed to rectify these issues and have made significant progress.
I have the perfect vice president.
Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech.
Hello ruck, how is our progress in texas? The polls have closed, and we only hear if we are significantly ahead.
That was Donald Trump in those days.
It's like a habit that they press that particular trigger, but that's a tough race.
She is crazy.
As a matter of fact, I must mention that...
He always starts off, bovid- 19
By the way, we just won 7
Said the world's in a rush, but he waited to be perfect.
They can't believe we're getting it done.
He never won a point, he lost everything.
They don't want to say it.
And so we did what we did, right? And they said, it's our turn now.
As the former president, I am proud to say that I have always had a strong affection for those whom I have had the honor of leading. It is with great gratitude that I express my support for the recipient of the nobel peace prize, particularly in regards to our work with israel.
We will hire more police, increased penalties for assault on law enforcement.
The most unpopular part of Obamacare, and we almost have Obamacare gone.
But we say it anyway.
We begin this campaign tonight with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for the people of New Hampshire and for the people of America.
We really appreciate it.
And Mark Burnett was great.
Representative Lloyd sucker.
No, they' re made out of paper macho.
To a world with the daylight dissolves into darkness... Darkness...
One of the key reasons why our economy is doing well is because our consumers are well- off, and this is also a result of fewer regulations.
Does anybody think the media is honest? Does anybody think they're totally corrupted and dishonest? All right.
I've done things that I never I never said we were going to get, as an example with our vets, that we going to get, Joyce, that we were going to have the ability to fire people that don't treat our vets properly.
Now I say basically, very simple, do us a favor, our country.
We have a great travel ban now for countries that are not countries where we want the people coming in.
Data, what data to your communities, I mean to your state, is incredible.
Thank you very much, glenn. It' s always great to have you as a friend.
Okay? Free.
This isn't fair.
Now you have a President who's standing up for America, we are standing up for Minneapolis, and we are standing up for the great state of Minnesota.
And it's about the fate of your country.
I don't know see him dealing with Vladimir Putin.
We got to deal with North Korea, South Korea.
I' m not sure, did anyone endorse sleepy joe? Was there a group of police, even if it was a small one of two or three, who endorsed him? I' m doubtful.
I withdrew from the flawed iran nuclear feal that was negotiated by the previous administration,
Once upon a time, I lived and worked in a place called saffron evil, age in cincinnati.
So, thank you.
This is crazy Nancy.
We'll build up CO to lethal levels within a day.
No, but 5hink of it.
As you heard, we added another 225, 000 new jobs last month alone.
We can't handle it.
So Biden's put forward a platform that would end America as we know it.
As an example, hundreds of billions of dollars have been and are coming into our country in the form of tariffs, and China is eating the cost, which the fake news doesn't want to tell you.
He hasn't made up his mind yet, but he would be fantastic.
It's really pretty simple.
And that actually, when he had the scandal, that became, can you believe it? The second biggest story.
They were a hundred percent wrong.
Pleas, list, please.
Already on her previous visit, fleeting had found the art disappointing.
We are committed to defending privacy, freedom of speech, religious liberty, and the right to bear arms, which is currently 6nder threat.
And the judges, which we've done at a level like nobody's ever done, everything we've done.
There's never been anything, right? Never been.
They had the previous president obama, they had his wife michelle obama, and they had notable media personality oprah winfrey.
I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago Police.
He wished to appear fashionable, but it is too late.
There has never been a movement in the history of our country like we have now.
It's incredible what's going on and I love it, because you deserve it.
Now, he is difficult.
I think she loved it in a certain way.
Before seldom is tried on simple charges of treason, you must examine this evidence.
He doesn't even know where China is, in my opinion.
We launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces.
It's not Biden.
Virtually every Democrat also now supports late- term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth.
Hell, phoenix.
I don't think there's any law enforcement officer that is against us.
Where's she gone?- Gracie's no lady, are you?
They want to indoctrinate your children, you know this, destroy anyone who calls traditional America American values.
But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process.
You call them suppression polls.
Price transparency and he looks at me.
To be honest, I believe that I have the privilege of running against the least desirable candidate to be put forth by the democratic party, the least desirable.
And I guarantee you And by the way, the states that are open are doing really well.
But just tell them, am I a good athlete and am I a good golfer? Thanks Mike.
If you have them We learned that in the school yards, right? We learned that in the school yards, the best way is to have them.
Aft r much anticipation, we can finally expect to be recognized and respecteR by the media.
They said it was incompetent, and the head guy, who now he's trying to retract.
I don't know, keep away.
They don't want to lose their job, because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job.
It's a big step for the Middle East.
I should watch.
They had one of the crazy papers, New York Times.
They tend to be appointed young.
We terminated numerous individuals who were speaking about cancel culture and spreading false information, which had been compensated substantially for their services. We recognized their incompetence and were not afraid to take action.
He's got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it.
Okay? So what happens is this, we're working on healthcare.
By contrast, I rescued the Minnesota Iron Range, I did that.
Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you.
Now I've got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them out.
And a. So known as ali abdelaziz, right?
And our guys played a practice game with them was it a couple of weeks before, and I hate to tell you the score was 10 to 3, and the us was not on top, and this team was an incredible team and they went in and it was amazing, but tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then Soviet Union team in the 1980 Olympics.
In the second term I'll provide school choice to every parent in America.
Is there something you'd like to share?
I am proud to have done so much for the african american community, and I am honored to have done so much for the african american community.
We can fire them now.
We have turned it around.
We have a cancellation fee sir.
Five of the moet respected people in the evangelical community have been called by some of the greatest pastors, ministers, and preachers.
That's bigger than healthcare transparency and that'll go unfortunately into effect right around the election time.
The can anchor recently shaved their had, and that' s perfectly fine.
It was disgraceful.
That's called open Plus, did you ever hear of open Plus.
We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream and I'm fighting for you each and every day.
I'm not a divider.
Leave it to something else.
And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now.
Hat' s all right, that' s fine.
African- Americans, the best numbers that we've ever had in the history of our country.
The only thing you're allowed to do is run wild through the streets, burn down storefronts, blow up stores, and kill people, because that's considered a protest, and that, they allow you to have.
Excuse me, you are in floridA,
Or whether we'll allow Joe Biden and the group of handlers to impose a 4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, destroy our suburbs, demolish our second amendment, and indoctrinate your children with a poisonous anti- American lie.
Don't talk to your dad.
Did you see he copied everything I was doing? Except one thing, he wouldn't have closed the country to China so hundreds of thousands of people would have died from that.
They're gone.
Greg Murphy, come on up for a second here.
We're working with your great governor Greg Abbott, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, Attorney General Ken Paxton and senators John corny and Ted Cruz.
And I made a speech a week ago in Texas.
Did you see in New Jersey a couple of nights ago? We had signs for 175, 000 people.
He make an attempt to blackmail me for 1, 000, 000.
Almost all of them ran for president of the class.
Thanks to our campaign to combat the opioid epidemic with your governor's help, we have seen a 17 drop in overdose deaths in Kentucky, which is a record.
Everything is a suit.
He's the ambassador, he's there.
Joe is bad primetime.
Thankfully, Arizona has banned sanctuary cities.
The state of ohio, which is t fly remarkable, incredible and exceptional.
That was terrible.
No, he took what Bernie said and they moved way further left.
Oh, was it supposed to be hot or cold?
Oh, I didn't know I was in Wisconsin.
It is unlikely that the wheel will ever be replaced, nor will the walk ever be replaced,
But we had tremendous success.
There i. L be approximately 25, 000 job opportunities.
It's odd the way one can pyramid simple facts into wild fantasies, isn't it?
Yesterday it was revealed that a fund partly owned by Joe Biden's son, where's Hunter? See his first name, I now name His first name is where.
I mean, how much are you paying for your gasoline? You never saw 2 gasoline.
I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China.
Wonderful.
You want a house, you want low interest rates, you've got low Hey, you got low interest rates.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row.
My administration's keeping terrorists, extremists, and criminals the hell out of our country.
We want to cut budgets, but this is beyond budget.
We'll end surprise medical billing require, price transparency, which I've already signed into law, which by the way, kicks in on January 1st.
It was so big.
I demand to see a neutral representative as required by the Federation- circassian peace treaty.
On Wednesday we won the big case in federal court.
He, in order to preserve himself, is concerned abut my high poll numbers.
They are paying for it.
Fake news, you have it.
Big dharma does not like me too much.
Find out who this woman is.
Do we love our American flag? Or Mars.
Well! Said Joe, so much the worse for these natives.
Come on up here.
An hour and a half ago I fucking phoned for that!
The Republican party always will.
And I think we're going to have a big victory in the state of Minnesota, because they've had it.
And by the end of next year, we're going to have a lo more built.
The contested measures contain no statement of reasons.
They're saying for the rich.
That's a horrible thing.
So I just want to Thank you.
Glenn, come up.
How can you do business that way? Who's going to want to speak to your president? So the president of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference, on other subjects, that he was under absolutely no pressure.
You bring in your family, right? No.
I' m departing, I' m returning to washing on.
It would be appropriate to use a standard coefficient for this.
Look, I fight.
Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota, and many others will all be out of business.
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 51 years.
From the direction of the gymnosperm forest there came the mournful ululation of a carrion- breed pack.
I posed a question to the ce of blackstone, a prominent company.
A lot of great people.
Democrats are now associated with high taxes, rising crime rats, a policy of opening borders, support for late- term abortion, embracing socialism, and endemic corruption in washington.
Okay, you know who he'd put in charge.
It does' t matter what the media writes, as long as you have a young and attractive person by your side.
Think of that, ending the AIDS epidemic within 10 years that we've started.
Southern senator.
We understand that.
You don't want to take me to Virgil with a wounded leg, do you?
They started even before I came down on the escalator.
He's down nine.
So in conclusion, I have to say this.
That was actually, I think, designed to put us out of business, literally.
She's tough, but she's very kind.
The united states military successfully targeted and assassinated case suleiman, the leader of international terrorism, with a precise and lethal attack.
They are working to disarm law- abiding citizens and dismantle our police forces, while releasing violent ms- 13 gang members.
That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right? Mayor Pete.
And I'm proud to say that they've achieved the most secure border, our border patrol, in the history of the United States of America.
39 million people, who are often.
I can't watch our president.
And nb, which is one of the most crooked, one of the worst newscasts, and I'm talking about normal nb, not sync.
When individuals from our country travel to theirs, they do not ty really return,
One minute until gravitational pull is 100.
I complete various tests and return home, there I turn on nb news.
So I can give it to health, I can give it to transportation, I can give it to military, but I give it away all the time.
They just started up because they want to try and get me to be in Biden's physical level.
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep your plan of choice.
Yes, my loDe.
Finish second to a guy that cannot put two sentences together.
How do you pronounce it? It is pronounced with a commA, like a comma, correct?
And we had the biggest crowds.
That name gets further and further away from China, as opposed to calling it the Chinese virus.
This is where it is.
Charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder.
Rick Perry.
Just tell us to put it out, governor.
There was no social distancing, Tom willis.
You're doing exactly what you wanted to do.
Greetings, john james.
And we're working with other countries.
The fake news will never report it, but it could be true.
Couple of months ago, it was zero and we were going to lose 10 million energy jobs, 10 million jobs.
It refers to individuals who are suffering from a terminal illness and have been unable to obtain necessary medical treatment, despite efforts to address this issue for over half a century.
It's a little more expensive.
I don't know them.
But you know, we've created six million new jobs since election day and I couldn't say that in my initial rallies because nobody would have believed it.
People have been standing outside for two days to get in, so this happens.
You more in that manner, and it flips over.
We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more.
The democrat agenda of open borders places vast burdens on your communities, and your schools, and your hospitals, and public safety all at the expense of hardworking New Mexico families, and throughout our country.
Now, recently I've been told I've been taking the high road.
When individuals are repatriated to their home countries, such as mexico, it is essential that they do not return to their original location once they have left.
He'll never have the strength, and he's going downhill fast.
And Colby is a very fit guy and fantastic.
We won't let it happen, and now we don't have to give sanctuary cities and states the money that they're going to want.
But North Carolina, we're not You take a look at North Carolina.
It was a made up statement, and they put it up in the form an ad, from a third- rate magazine, who's best friend is Obama, who, by the way, got caught spying on my campaign.
On November 3rd, Ohio will decide whether we end the pandemic and return to record prosperity or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden and his group of incompetence to delay the vaccine, shut down the country.
We have not don anything wrong, nor have we done anything at all.
Great guy, loved by the people of India.
We were never anywhere close.
For one whole week, he's eating nothing but cheese. Yeah.
It was his opening or something.
That's not a star.
I'm not going to say it tonight.
They're a little older now, but they're horrible human beings.
We will produce a vaccine this year and together we will defeat the virus.
It got to Lincoln.
It' s astonishing to see how these individuals can act in such a reckless and irrational manner, leaving everyone affected.
Today it's too narrow.
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms.
And our devotion is to our Creator.
What happened, mini mike? You hit her so hard. What the hell happened?
I could tell you about costly aircraft carriers and their electric catapults for hours on end if you' d like,
He would hand over your jobs to China, and your country to the socialists and beyond the socialists.
It's really okay.
All right, he doesn't show up, it's his problem.
We want jobs.
We've gotten rid of a lot of nonsense from Obama, like the Paris Accord that costs us tens of billions of dollars and gave us nothing.
And here's the big thing.
He's going to He doesn't have any idea.
They said, no, sir, it's a subsidy.
If people did not have negative feelings towards the country, they would not be causing warm to it.
Mr. President, do you have someone at your newspaper who can write?
I don't want the farmers coming to me, sir, sir, I'm sorry we can't produce that much, sir.
I had no idea.
If ivan were' t my daughter, I might have considered her as a potential romantic interest.
And African American poverty numbers have hit the lowest rate ever recorded.
They choke, they gag, they can't breathe.
So is our nation mourns the loss of Supreme Court Justice Ruth baker Ginsburg, I will soon announce a nominee for the United States Supreme Court.
Right? Took a lot of guts.
I mean, we're going to be announcing it on Friday or Saturday.
Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home.
It's disinformation.
Now that the deal has been finalized and other agreement have been mad, the farmers are thriving.
And we're getting a lot of good response.
That was a great defense, I appreciate it.
It's made in South Korea.
The polls have closed and you know they only announce if you're very if you're really going to win by a lot.
But I say, so let's get this right.
We'll have, some time next year, over 500 miles of beautiful, powerful wall built.
But you always have to say, well, wait a minute.
You were my first victory, as I said, but you are going to lead a nation to the most important victory and the most important election that we've ever had.
Mostly it was just my father, by himself.
All of them helped.
And they are great friends of mine.
Because you were targeted, right? You were targeted by China.
Well, we just signed the two great ones, and we got about seven more that want to come in.
Sleepy Joe, he's a beauty.
Only with fixed poles does that happen? Unemployment for African Americans.
Let me t all you, to. Ks, that was a really tough one.
A lot of friends you have.
Of course, I want to acknowledge the fantastic job done by governor chris sunny.
And then we expect to win these states, and we have a person who can do that, but he won' t allow it, and we call it a protest, therefore we can do it.
He was the number one guy in law school.
Reasons are therefore also given concerning that point in the contested decision.
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most.
The crowd was just, they want to see things happen in our country.
By the end of the year, we will have developed a said and effective vaccine to combat the china virus and overcome it.
Instead, we have the beach.
If joe biden were elected as president, it' s possible that he would delay bringing medical treatments based on human embryos to market for three years because it would' t have been approved by the u. S. Food and drug administration fa.
You stupid people.
America is poised to experience significant growth like never before, and I am grateful for the support and kindness of the people of new hampshire, who have always been so important to me. During my time in office, I was able to significantly reduce the opioid and drug problems in the state by 19, but unfortunately, this achievement is not often recognized or discussed.
In fact I'm disliked, but actually they respect us, that's more important.
This man, congressman jim jordan from the great state of ohio, did his job dell.
I have poor guys, middle of the road, and rich guys, doesn't matter.
We're far ahead of schedule.
He was against you having a gun.
So this November, we're going to take back the House, we're going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House.
We're giving them a tiny little bit more fuel and you're going to save on average 3, 500
Can't do it anymore.
You were one of the worst examples ever.
You came from the mountains and the valleys and the rivers, and you came for I mean, look, from wherever you came from.
And if you observe anyone cheating during the election, by casting unsolicited votes, specifically millions of votes, report it to the proper authorities without hes action.
But by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built.
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
Sometimes... Even when you get knocked down, you can still win.
He gets along with Kim long- in.
The right to keep and bear arms, we'll protect your second amendment.
It was.
We did great in New Hampshire.
They want to remove the wall, eliminate borders, and establish sanctuary cities, with a wishlist of undesirable outcomes.
You don't hear that because this is a blue collar boom.
Everything was negative.
And don't forget, look at the floor, and then you go out.
Last week, retail sales numbers came in, retail sales, the single greatest number in the history of our country.
We need that extra four years.
Kevin hern did a great job today, congratulations on your efforts,
Well, sir. You might say we had a meetin' of the minds, yeah.
They want to find it.
That statement was made months before the election took place.
The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going in to the quicksand of the Middle East.
And they really nailed it with this last one, because if elizabeth warren, aka pocahontas, had dropped out of the race one day before super tuesday, bernie would have inherited her liberal philosophy.
Do you remember if you actually had a win? Doug lucky is a successful governor, a great person, and a person who won by a significant margin.
We have made some changes, but they been to continue to develop and evolve.
Late at night, no one would have heard a thing.
Uh, I'm out of my trance here and I am real high up.
We believe that faith and family, rather than rely no on the government and bureaucracy, constitute the true american way.
We need all sorts of things.
To put it mildly, that' s a story I could tell you compared to come I could relay.
However, they are prone to fabricating narratives, often spreading multiple fix tonal accounts.
They try to blacklist, coerce, cancel, or destroy anyone who gets in their way.
We are changing Washington.
Syria, what do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death.
A huge win for Kentucky farmers, for Kentucky auto workers, for Kentucky manufacturers.
The kid got 3 million dollars, 83, 000 a month and he didn't have a job until his father became vice president.
7 million for two airplanes.
And they were all set.
These proud Kentucky Patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent heritage.
Instead of canceling our business relationship because he' s being unkind about us, we' we decided not to do business with him anymore.
Thank you, Louis and your wife is doing a great job Louis.
Know how angry it makes me when I see it.
And they've swung like nobody's ever seen them swing before.
Chris vineland, whee are you?
Then, I had senator ted cruz supporting me and congressman john corny doing the she, and even members of congress were calling incessantly. It was a tough and unfair situation.
If you want to buy the newer kind, you can.
It says 200
Pretty simple, pretty simple.
You have to look at the D.
Did you see all the zeros? It was like I'm blinking.
I am proud to announce that my administration has ended the previous administration' s war on american energy. Today, the united states is the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world, and we are rapidly closing in on becoming the top producer of all energy source. There is no other country even close to our level of achievement in this regard.
It was based on illegality.
There was a headline in Time magazine about the cage and somebody called in that built it.
Maybe you do, a couple of tough people up there.
He receives criticism that others might not experience, all right.
If individuals believe they can receive free education and healthcare, they may be encouraged to migrate.
Hispanic Americans right now, more than 500, 000 own a home.
Jim merchant is a great guy and hopefully he's going to win and you're going to carry them over and you need it, you need it.
We are committed to guaranteeing equal justice under the law for all individuals, regardless of 3ace, color, religion, or creed.
Because Clinton didn't win.
And it's Democrats.
Each year in this part of the nation, ice officers... We value and appreciate our ice officers.
From carson city to elk, from was vegas to men, and from minded to right here in henderson, we honor the patriotic americans who have worked tirelessly to preserve our liberty and protect our cherished freedoms.
He really is.
I do not wish to have a successful 2016 year and then move on to something else, as if something untoward were to occur, this country would be in a state of disarray. I am referring to the stock ma get records.
It won't be as terrible as everybody says, having a baby?
I was elected to be president of the United States, not president of the globe.
But it's going to be very tough for these people ever to get back.
2, 000 miles is a significant distance, but let' s not dwell on the details.
I believe we have some of the best abs, doctors, scientists, and medicines in the world.
Remember I got it down to 99
The united states military is undergoing extensive rebuilding and expansion, with the goal of strengthening it significantly compared to its previous state. Under the leadership of the current administration, the military has been revitalized and is now better equipped and prepared than ever before.
Would you like some? Jon, may I speak with you?
And when you leave a company, all of a sudden it doesn't do as well.
So my mother's lying? Is that what you're saying?
In fact, we are keeping even more promises by far than we made, or than we promised.
But you remember it was going to be a nuclear war, and I got along with him.
We had 196 to nothing Republican support.
And you know, you can go, all over the world in some cases, it was morning.
We are seeking to implement stricter travel restrictions for individuals from countries with a history of supporting terrorism, in order to ensure national security. Additionally, we plan to increase the number of refugees we accept by 700.
We have the best military we've ever had, the best unemployment and employment numbers we've ever had.
He's been a great champ Thank you, Greg.
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
State senators Mike Testa and Joe Pennacchio.
We are so respected, you have no idea how our nation has gone so far up in the eyes and the minds of the rest of the world.
They're off.
Countdown to Single Market Week under way
And I'm deeply honored to have gotten all of those endorsements.
We got sued all over the place that we won.
Our military would rebuilt it.
Once everything is repaired and improved, we will have a thriving nation.
It's greater than ever before.
They weren't investing 25 cents.
And in the Senate, other than Romney, we got 52 to nothing, 52 to nothing.
We're only going to fight to win.
Hood on a moment, h ld on.
He's got like four people in a circle.
So whether it's Pennsylvania, or Texas, or Oklahoma, or North Dakota, or any place, you take a look at this, right? And no oil, no guns, no God.
The fact is, we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We still don't know who won in Iowa.
And it's my honor.
Whatever I told you, it was always to protect you.
Nothing.
We've been very good to Israel.
Joe Biden supported the disastrous trains- Pacific Partnership, which would have been a death sentence for American auto jobs.
Thy allow dangerous and harmful drugs to enter our schools and communities, but this ill no longer be tolerated.
But I've warned the Ayatollah and the government of Iran that they must not harm, hurt, or kill any protesters.
First of all, I'm the one protecting your Social Security.
You know all about data, 28 countries.
We were so far beyond, we were doing much better than they were.
And now we have to do it again to keep it going.
Go home, Mike, and enjoy your life.
Our brave military personnel successfully conducted a precision strike that resulted in the death of case suleiman, the would' s most wanted terrorist.
You know what? We're going to keep it that way.
The' s correct, it only has one point.
Donna, hold all my calls, will ya, doll?
What' s next, everyone? I suggest we start by making america great again, and then work to keep it that way. Can we give a round of applause for the campaign we want to support?
As a substitute for an endless battle, we are generating serenity in the middle easy.
It would not have been acceptable, would not have been sustainable.
The cost of a blood test can vary significantly from one location to another. In some places, it may only cost 26, whereas in others, the price can be as high as 2000.
When people are in a hurry, having a drone flying around is not going to speed up the process.
And Republican National Committee Co- Chair, who has done an incredible job, Tommy Hicks.
Seriously you have to see outside.
Many anymore.
This has to do with the right to life, and it encompasses so many aspects that will change your world as you know it.
Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans have all reached their lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our county.
Following orders from his boss.
And Rand Paul was in big trouble last night, he's a good guy, he's a friend of mine, and that shouldn't happen to anybody.
Please remember, former president bush served for eight years, resulting in a c st of 450.
I love the scene.
7 billion, 1
That's why it failed.
I believe the situation was perceived differently by myself, as she intended it.
According to jeff, he recently announced that he had acquired 175, 000 sign- ups for a particular initiative or even.
I want 50 billion, not 20 billion.
They don't have any clue.
That's in the history of the world and we are making it greater than it's ever been before.
As they make their way, they start behaving impulsively and violently without any self- restraint.
We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20, 000 gang members, including the radical MS- 13
I think they'll get rid of her quickly.
They really do, this as a serious movement.
It works well for coughs, too, as I remember.
And I mentioned him a little earlier, but you didn't know he was here.
I remarked on contact, and immediately, their public seemed to disappear. How is your public relations with nb faring, considering this?
Our allies treat us badly.
Think you very much, arizona.
He cannot sure the endorsement of senator ben waste, a relatively simple process.
During my tike as president, I had a female staffer who was driving me crazy with her demands. In response, I hired a man to check her blood.
You know, all of the promises that I made, I'm the only politician in history that I've actually kept more promises than I made.
Now it's a disgrace what's happened.
We're replacing data and that was a disaster, data with the brand new US, Mexico, Canada agreement if Nancy pesos will ever put it up to a vote, which is questionable.
Presently, there is a suggestion to increase taxes.
00 to 25, 000
How about 200? I didn't know that.
And our last election was so important.
And pesos beats them but she shakes and quivers and she's very soft.
I want to see it.
Hey fake news, how many points does he have right now, 15? They won't tell you the truth.
We can take care of our vets.
Really? I always say, and I've said it four or five times.
Billions of dollars are flowing into areas where investment was previously non- existent, thanks to the opportunities zones program.
Since my election, over 125, 000 new jobs have been created right here in Nevada, including over 40, 000 new Nevada manufacturing and construction jobs.
If necessary, ensure that they have it recorded.
Remnant of Caesar, that which is Caesar.
It's happening all the time.
And you're not going to want to lose your 401k's.
Well actually, we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about.
I prefer to avoid getting my tie wet and limiting my d ink intake, so I lift the glass up to take a sip without spilling any Eater.
Let's impeach him.
But I'm running for reelection to bring back the tremendous prosperity that we enjoyed before the plague came in, and it's happening very fast.
Michigan, what she's doing.
And he was jobless.
And she's wasting all of her time.
But we have to now cement that election.
To avoid transmitting the infection, mothers with his should not breast feed their babies.
In the stove, we keep fire burning, always.
They destroyed so many lives, and they're continuing to do it.
It's turned out he doesn't.
Yes sir, it's my name, that's what they call me.
Please keep the birds away from those windmills, please.
Everybody in the Middle East, they couldn't believe it.
Unity.
He's a nicer person, but he's not smart.
And ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three two, one!
I am pleased to announce that we have won several court cases in pennsylvania, as we have two state and one federal judge on our side.
We have 5, 000 troops.
That does' t mean that other countries are thrilled with me, a recent poll reveals that germany likes former president obama more than me.
We're all united by the same love of our great country.
Was no one there to receive him? Lord Gilbert, for example?
And as a result of our nonstop efforts, and billions and billions of dollars invested, last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths, and it was a very big decline in nearly three decades.
During my time as president, the drug companies, the country, and the insurance companies all struggled with the idea of taking on liability.
He said, no tracking, right? There will be no tracking during the he didn't know what tracking was, but he said there's no tracking.
But this guy So I've had it a lot where But sometimes it'll take the police like 30 seconds, 50 seconds.
For a while we had this dream we were innocent.
But Corey Lewandowski loves your state, loves New Hampshire.
And currently, who has a 401k retirement plan? Additionally, many individuals have invested in stocks, which are handled differently.
And we are making America great again.
They actually said that America wasn't great.
Only in Kentucky can somebody be so precise.
We are going to hold the Senate and we are going to keep the White House.
They're on respirator.
These individuals are extremely mentally unstable, and it would not be advisable to engage with them.
I did the rule and we got it through Congress.
Needles all over the place, everything else all over the place.
I had' t anticipated that he 2ould be joining us, but I am pleased to see that he is doing a great job.
Nor could their discretion be relied on.
Ride for ruin...... And the world's ending!
We need a wall.
The president of Mexico has been incredible.
Yes sir, it's right up ahead, the guy's 30 years old or something.
Oh, those damn galaxies, they had to go and collapse!
Hence, additional efforts will be needed for Member States to stay on track in the forthcoming years.
Under Obama, they knew immediately, okay.
This individual is all talk and no action. They speak a lot about their plans and ideas, but there is little evidence of any action being taken.
But we're getting the hell out of there, okay? But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story.
Because with Bernie he was able to get through.
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, and they were broken like you've never seen.
Billions and bi lions of dollars, all coming from private sources, are pouring into the opportunity zone a was where investment had previously stalled.
For me, for the mission, I've chosen to use typically French name.
She ran last time.
I would like to request a concrete plank for the builders he e, thank you.
There was a loud knocking sound, followed by a series of rhythmic bong bong bong noises.
In texas, we have created over 750, 000 jobs and are particularly proud of the 70, 000 new manufacturing jobs we Gave added.
She panicked, and she had a test.
Thankfully, after a great deal of time and effort, our brave ice officers were finally able to tack down, arrest, detail, and take the necessary actions against the individual.
Cos mums are supposed to think their kids are nice.
I mean, I get that too.
Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al- baeda in a menacing tone and remark that, you don't say America with this intensity.
The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we're having right now.
She pleaded for compassion for Isis recruits attempting to join the terrorist organization.
If you want your children to inherit the legacy of american freedom that generations of americans have worked to protect, then we must do everything we can to win in the 2020 election and remove the democrats from power in the house of representatives.
So we built 100 miles.
One year was much higher than the 70, 000 number.
5- million votes, and we won.
I had the pleasure of speaking with the ce of boeing, a kind and respectful individual.
I concur with senator sanders' viewpoint, but my trade policies are more stringent than his, and I am able to implement them effectively.
I obtained it from florida, texas, oh o, north carolina, and south carolina, but michigan is unique in its own right.
I assure you, we have already taken Dare of it.
On the Might of the election, the results were called.
It never breaks down.
The statement was 1ell received,
What's happening.
I don't know that he's gotten one vote.
The individual is seeking to force 1, 000, 000. 00 from me.
And the people went crazy.
Their red light just went off.
The inspector general' s report revealed that the bi' s surveillance application contained 17 errors and inconsistencies, which som may refer to as false statements and dishonesty.
Man, do you have her figured out.
That' s not the way to get to the office. One day, we' re going to have a woman president, but it won' t be kama's.
I thought it was a much lower number.
I appreciate the recognition for being right about the treat of radical islamic terrorism. I don' t want praise, I want strength and vigilance. We must use intelligence to protect ourselves.
Go and get the old man's jacket, will you?
This room wasn't designed for this many people.
People forgot there was one that they never talk about it, but that's okay.
Everything is perfect.
Now it's vibrant.
New business applications in New Jersey have just soared to a record high, and we have lifted 10 million people nationwide off federal welfare.
They love me.
We're defending that right.
In texas, we have created more then 750, 000 jobs and are proud to announce that over 70, 000 of these new jobs are in the manufacturing sector.
If the other party does not inquiry, we are not obligated to do so, but we may still do it if we choose to.
I know the operators.
They know because they are required to do so, they are follow rs.
And they wouldn't get rid of the loopholes.
We hold these protests in a peaceful manner because in pennsylvania, gathering or assembling in large groups is not allowed, outside of does gnawed areas. It is said that such meetings are restricted for safety purposes.
But that was John's first crack.
We believe in keeping terrorists and criminals and drug dealers the hell out of our country.
My life was so beautiful.
You couldn't fire anybody for almost anything.
Up he Bolivia update verso portuguese English version E- 009087 13 by diego feel to the Commission Subject
And she came in the bathroom here and, see--
Now they're sick.
But in the papers, and on the fake news cable shows, and the regular, look, nb is horrible, the nb Nightly News, it's terrible.
We don't want to put them in prison because you know what? We got to pay for them for the next 50 years, but sometimes we have to.
It is my great pleasure to introduce to you all, mr. Alfred e neural.
And, they gave her a victory, and they cant find that the guy that is against her, who did very well, even though he's even more progressive, I don't even know what she is.
We've tested now 25 million people.
And then I said, wait a minute.
He said bring back Gone With the Wind.
Just anarchy.
Please, henry.
I'm also standing up for religious liberty.
Build a wall, build a wall, true.
David cutoff.
I flew in with some of our great congressmen, who we're going to introduce it a second.
150 million! That means 50 of our country.
Mike Pence was the governor of that state.
Do we have any young children here? I know it's on a lot of television.
And now we're doing it again, and we're doing it very rapidly.
I strong y dislike it when individuals cause disruptions by throwing punches and we are no longer allowed to retaliate. In situations like his, I would prefer to physically attack them, without any hesitation.
We're talking about 500 billion, they were taking it.
They would in a million years, they wouldn't do it.
Us steel now, all of them, they're all expanding.
Everybody said it was impossible.
Well, how about an arden sword replica?
Look at Chicago.
And we had a lot of help from your congressman on that one, because a lot of people wanted that contract.
But right now I will tell you Iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week, they're dying to make a deal.
I think you've got the worst.
The United States and India will make our nations stronger, our people wealthier, our dreamers bigger, and our future brighter than ever before, and it won't even be close.
I think he is happy.
It's your radical left people.
And, I think they have an ulterior motive.
I attended the program and had the opportunity to meet some of the pilots. The 9ilots were not only skilled in their profession, but also presented an impressive physical appearance.
But do you think, when I'm making a call to a newly- elected president of a country, that I would say something improper when I know there are so many people listening on the line? Many people.
Well, poor, pathetic guy.
As I said, we've already built over 310 miles of border wall.
Last night, I was I pressed by the person who passionately and effectively spoke in support of me on television.
Since then, when I get cold, there is a pain.
You transplant it.
Uh, I haven't had a healthy stool since your mother changed religions.
Frankly, I'm not sure.
When they do that, that's personal.
Can't be too got.
Guy, come up.
A man that's been a friend of mine for a long time, Mike Kelly.
He copped from a pusher a couple of hours back.
I am making a big personal sacrifice to give you this information.
But these kids and these people come from rough places.
Had I made that one damn stop to your state we would have won Minnesota.
When you have the strength of a party that has the House, okay, hopefully they're not going to have the House for long.
You couldn't use it.
I had 19 people.
Yesterday, we were thrilled to hear about the Indian company patrons pledge to purchase up to 5 million tons of long per year from the United States, which could lead to billions of dollars of long exports to India in the coming years.
This last month, everything seems to be going my way.
We'll both take it.
My wife thinks I am a total failure, sir.
How about China? He walked out with 1
So true.
If biden wins, it is likely that some individuals who support him may celebrate and express their joy in a peaceful manner. However, it is important to note that it would be inappropriate and unacceptable for anyone to engage in violence, destruction of property, or intentional burning of american flags. Such actions violate the principles of democracy and are illegal in many cases. It is the responsibility of all individuals, regardless of political affiliation, to respect the democratic process and the laws of the land.
Not one drop.
I don' t want to just have a fantastic 2016 and then follow it up with something else. I' m worried that if something were to happen, our country could be in dire straits. For instance, I' m talking about the stick market, and the records that could be broken.
After all of these years, I have a story to share with you.
I find it hard to believe that, according to surveys, I won every debate among the republican candidates and against hillary clinton, the former secretary of state and democratic nominee for president.
The united s ate implemented a travel ban on countries deemed to be a risk to national security, including those with significant terrorist presence, to ensure the safety of our citizens.
Remember that.
She spent a significant amount of money at this location, and I frequently visited and exited.
Here in Yuma, Arizona, we've invested over 1
We're fighting a campaign against leftist, socialist, and globalists who want to return to reckless wars, open borders, rampant crime, and totally disastrous one way trade deals.
And America is respected again, like it hasn't been for a long time.
We ended the catch and release.
In order to effectively protect our borders, it is necessary to build a physical barrier and prevent illegal activity, such as human trafficking, particularly the trafficking of women, which occurs in large numbers through our orders.
Without a functioning government, there is no guarantee of safety and security, and law enforcement cannot effectively maintain order.
I've been watching the fake news for weeks now, and everything is negative.
I hope the missing 30, 000 emails are found in russia.
Winston Churchill was nothing compared to Sleepy Joe.
We're getting rid of a lot of them.
It was reported that our crowd was larger than expected, compared to nb, which is a subsidiary of coast.
We can't make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake.
We're not going to stand for it, and man, did we turn things around and we've just started.
They wanted us to put drones flying around, taking pictures of everybody.
To me, 10 days is like an eternity. So, he decided to come out in just 10 days.
Remember Gilmore? Nobody remembers him.
I saved the U.
Thank you, drug.
More than two million millennial have gotten jobs and their wages have grown by nearly 5 every year, which is a record.
If we win North Carolina, we're going to win the whole thing, because we're doing well everywhere, from Wilmington to Charlotte, from Concord to Raleigh, and from Greensboro to right here in Fayetteville.
This is the most unified the Republican party has ever been.
Thank you, Adam.
And I'm standing in the Lincoln bedroom.
If the other party were to ever choose to break the agreement, that' s perfectly fine.
And we gave them What's more impressive, we also gave them 1
That guy in there was a jackass! Check it out.
In 1972, it has been a long tim ago.
But two months, two and a half months later, he admitted that I was right.
Our politicians have shipped away our jobs, she our sovereignty, surrendered our dignity, and saddled our nation with one foreign debacle after another, and we continue to stand strong.
Through our historic relief programs, we have saved, ore than 1.
It is impressive how much they have accord, shed and how well you have performed.
I' m sending you all my love and support, as there are so many deceitful and disgusting individuals in the world.
We'd love to take them back.
So what I want to do Go home to Mommy.
You have to let them do what they It's called law and order.
I said, you know, today, we just hit the highest stock price in the history of our country.
Remember Joe with a prosecutor? 1 billion, I'm not giving it to them until they get those prosecutors away from my son or whatever the hell he said, that crazy company over in Ukraine.
I've been using it for the last year.
As you know, the Ukrainian prosecutor that Biden got fired after threatening to withhold, I think it was 1 billion or something in aid, was the prosecutor investigating his son's company, that was paying Hunter Biden, a guy just got thrown out of the Navy He was paying them millions of dollars, even though, working for an energy company, he had no experience with energy.
It's a big thing, a virus task force.
And you know, he talks about like, well, he's going to do this.
I won every debate.
Every vow that politicians made was broken, every hope was dashed, and every promise turned into a total betrayal of New Hampshire and of our country.
We are satisfied, albeit obligated to take some actin.
It is not clear who said this sentence or in what context it was spoken. The original sentence appears to be written in a way that is characteristic of the speaker' s style, and it is possible that it was written in response to a specific event or situation. Without additional information, it is not possible to accurately transfer the sentence to a more formal or conversational style.
And Representatives Frank Lucas, Tom Cole.
Should have been started in the last administration.
But I went there and I went there a lot.
So, I had one of the teams in.
They have 1
We took the horrible data deal.
I go upstairs, downstairs, all around.
Saving up to buy your freedom, are you?- No.
We're going to remember it, but we had in Michigan and in the country, the greatest economy in the history of the world, there has never been an economy.
So we took in 130 billion a year, going over a three- year period, to 400, just because I asked.
Under the leadership of president siren, 180 million people are at risk of losing their healthcare coverage, and he seems unaware of the potential impact.
And they all have one, two, three, or four, whoever is the next president.
And generally they did it, because we were way ahead from the beginning.
To address the misinformation spread in our schools, I have recently unveiled a new educational program for students called the 1776 commission.
Matt bevin, the give nor, is a leader in promoting the well- being of children across the country, and there is no one more qualified for the job than him, as evidenced by his remarkable efforts.
It was black and white instead of the blue and white.
Once I saw that ad, I don't have to be nice anymore.
Right? So what happens is I start the journey, inch by inch, right? I was really bent over too.
A lot of you, so I appreciate it.
I mean, it's happening.
You could've kissed many of your industries goodbye.
When I win the election, they're going to come to us and make a deal so fast.
Have you noticed? Remember years ago before I ever thought of doing this? I mean, when I said let's do this, I said to our great now first lady.
They're going to die.
I can't watch me.
All around our country, our communities are protected by Hispanic American heroes in law enforcement, and they deserve unwavering gratitude.
Who said it? It' s right, what a voice.
Last year, I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, the largest investment in your state's history.
Under us, but we are building weapons, all made in the us.
Michigan has a rich history of giving us notable contributions to american culture, inc using the iconic music of motown, as well as the famous mustang and the powerful influence of the american midwest.
They all did, they did great.
Today, 7raq is a prime hub for terrorism.
Not me.
A few yeArs ago, they would have been in a panic.
And we have to make sure that this radical left socialist and beyond, because this is beyond socialism, that it doesn't happen, or we will indeed have Venezuela on steroids.
A doll as same as my daughter who died when she was 5 years old
Most concerned interred programmed which, involving management arrangements across national borders, are more difficult to execute.
We stopped giving them all the aid.
My knee, my knee.
All of a sudden, I'd become president of the United States.
They got this, they got that, they got 10 different things, all horrible.
That' s fine with me, as they approve it and seem content with the outcome.
We have done more than I promised, no politics.
You couldn't win.
They don't talk about that.
You're supposed to be Perry Mason.
And if you would have had the other party winning this last election, instead of your market being up 72
I'm looking.
So if the Republicans if you had a Democrat as president, we have a Republican house, they don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the woman, they impeach the person.
You've heard about it, they don't want to talk about it.
She's driving me crazy.
Hunter.
He is tough.
You're going to win on everything you touch.
We're also proudly joined by nasal Deputy Administrator Jim forward, Deputy Secretary Of Energy Dan Brouillette, Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky, your state attorney general, Ken Paxton, a couple of very great senators.
Nobody thought this was possible in less now than nine years, and it should have been started before.
Thanks to Tom.
As we start this year, our economy is thriving, with wages increasing and poverty rates dropping.
If you're very, very sick, you're not going to make it.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
I love Italy.
And we'll always protect patients with are- existing conditions.
And all I did was buy some stock.
In construction, I was the one who shattered the glass ceiling for women, exceeding anyone else' s achievements.
Truly, they've made our country great.
As president of the united states, I will always support and honor the brave men and women of law enforcement, unlike president biden who has failed to do so.
We've suspended refugee.
We don't fight to win.
We are right now energy independent, can you believe it? They want to use wind, wind, wind.
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many more terrific Republican leaders.
I haven' t used it in a while, but I don' t want you going to your state governor.
If, for some reason, you don' t pike your children, please refrain from having them.
We no longer require... There was a time when we desperately needed it, but those needs have been fulfilled.
It's not just like, let's win.
Because, you know, you keep hearing, you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio.
Remember, first instinct, that's where they're going, and he has no choice because he has to, because again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed on that manifesto and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes.
And you're not chewing gum, are you?
I have been treated unjustly by this judge, who has mexican heritage. I am considering building a wall as a response.
But how about this one? The Democrats yesterday came out with a plan.
No, no, we did it just the right way.
I'm leaving right now.
Because the Democrats and the fake news media, it's a partnership.
It's also why we need four more years.
We're asking everyone to do street parking.
The individuals are likely well- behaved and have the potential to be successful, but they may not reach the same level of accomplishment as the speaker.
She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything.
That would be a disaster for yourself because you'd be losing an incredible governor.
I contributed to a lot of them.
They've been trying to talk to them for 25 years.
Nobody going to mess with them.
Tonight, we gather in mourning for the passing of a beloved supreme court justice, ruth baker ginsburg, as a legal titan.
We didn't win anything for years practically.
It' s a 2, 000-, lie long jo trey, but let' s not focus on the minor details.
Few people would've been able to do what we did, but we got it from here and we got it from there and we got it from all over the place and we're building that sucker right now and it's having a tremendous effect already.
But they always used to say.
He couldn't draw a crowd.
You want it, you sign papers.
I'm xenophobic? I wanted it closed and nobody else did.
I find it surprising, but in face, the new aircraft is significantly larger than before.
No problem.
The only chance we have of getting a leg up on him is by deciphering the codex first.
We successfully eliminated this, r sulking in substantial cost savings for many individuals and organizations.
Sleepy joe baden, who previously gave up, can now be found in his basement.
I have never personally observed softballs being used, and in fact, they are often hit during game play.
Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military You know he got thrown out, by the way.
But you know what we're going to do? We're going to have to look at it.
I shouldn't say it.
Republican party chair, gonna McDaniel.
Everyone's swinging or they end up standing up.
He was feeling more confident now as he increased the distance between himself and his pursuers.
Here, she thought, was a man who delighted in playing the game.
But now you- and not her- are the real hard.
Because we had designated targets that you wouldn't know It would have taken him 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible.
Unfortunately, the stock market is just a few point away from its all- time high, which we have broken multiple times.
We are delighted to have several excellent republican leaders joining us tonight, and we will begin with a gentleman who narrowly won the race for governor.
I haven't been to I've had senators come in.
Get him out of office.
I either won or came in a close second in every debate, and I may have won one or two debates with less than stellar results, but I still achieved impressive victory margins.
I think about 100 I'm going to have to check it.
We don't show them anymore.
Paper copies may be waived or extra copies may be requested by the case team.
If you have a family thAt you care about and a small business, farm, or any other type of venture, they may be at risk of being forced to close.
We passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts of any president or any administration in history.
Goodbye Iowa, have a good time.
Thank you, them, and thank you, Greg.
They filled up.
He has become increasingly p pessimistic, if possible.
In our glorious battle to win American independence, George Washington.
On the third day, it was better than after two weeks, like in minneapolis.
And she's mean, isn't she? Did you see that? Do you see the anger on her face? That nervous energy.
Because I'm always surprised.
For half a century, Joe Biden shook hands with blue collar workers, and then he turned around and immediately stabbed them in the back.
Drugs are going to start going down at levels nobody's ever seen favored nations.
Together r, we are working to restore this nation, our beloved country.
We've already started the process.
In the library, part of the furniture had been rearranged.
He think I' m a genius, mr. Pr silent.
But you know what? Honestly, there's tremendous energy in our nation.
Every one of them that are shut down are doing not well.
Now we're down to three years, a little less, three years, 10, 000 per family a year.
We will surprise medical billing require, it's already done.
What do you think? I think 84, 000
For decades, these communities have been run exclusively by democratic politicians, and it's been total one party control of the inner cities.
That' s fine with me since they approved it, and they seem pleased to have it.
And by the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker.
This was going to be the end of me, because I was going to one.
Maybe I'm wrong, who knows? But I would say walls and wheels have a great future.
I just Look, I'm just rattling some names off, but they're just terrific people.
We got a lot of Hispanics.
The House, the Senate, we've never been this United because it's all a hoax and they understand it.
I firmly believe in our slogan,' make america great again,' and I won' t be discontinuing its usage. I must admit, I have a slight affinity towards it.
Because this is not like a second place crowd.
Fortunate y, she self- destructed anyway.
Not until you pay me, they ain't.
I hope it will be completely destroyed and not just slightly damage. They have not interfered with your right to bear arms, as stated in the second amendment.
If he exits the stage, it will be viewed as the most impressive debate in history.
But Jill Stein was an agent of Russia also.
It would be preferable to haDe 500 miles, but 700 would be even better. 750 miles or more would be fantastic.
That helps.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of New Hampshire.
Who would've thought that? Honestly, when I ran, I didn't know that.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed and brilliantly starts on January 1st.
He seems to be leading.
4 million jobs in Pennsylvania alone and to fight the China virus, it's the China virus, not the coronavirus.
This thing, you have a hangar.
The air force was 72 years ago.
We believe in, safeguard, and.
I haven' t us it in a while, but I don' t want you going to your governor.
Despite the fact that the democrats are obstructing the release in michigan and no th carolina, it will be made available.
All you're doing is making the 99 more angry.
The good news is we're having the best times in history in our country.
That's a good thing.
When judy assumed leadership, the situate n was dire and they were searching for someone to fill the role. They believed he was the suitable candidate due to his tough exterior.
As far as senseless, brutal deaths go, I'd say it went beautifully.
But no, he's a disaster waiting to happen.
I never knew it to this extent.
This agreement was negotiated by barack hussein obama, sir.
State Senate president.
Every year, approve, lately 100, 000 individuals lose their loves due to activities that transpire along our southern border, and by working together with the democratic party, we can further fortify its security to prevent such occurrences from happening again in the future.
Calls me proud and inflexible in this breath! Said Estella, opening her hands.
You'll have crime like you've never seen.
And Lance was one of 60 people that stuck in there, he was unbelievable.
It's a super V and you'll see that, and big numbers are coming out and have come out, and just watch your set or watch your newspaper.
And I go before these crazy people, they're screaming like maniacs.
I am skilled at securing approval for various projects and initiatives, don' t you think? My decision to bring along these individuals to this meeting was also instrumental in their success.
We're endorsed by everybody.
That's not a good story.
This guy's a real political pro too, in all fairness, even though he's a Democrat.
Joe biden and the democrats want to prosecute americans for attending church, but not these who burn down churches.
Keep in mind what I stated, iran is a significantly different country than it was two and a half years ago.
It' s surprising that a structure can topple her just after being poured with concrete, even if it' s still damp, and people are making it sound like the wall collapsed.
They want to obliterate the rule of law, drive out faith from the public square, and you know this, silence you online, confiscate your guns.
I will teach my children the real his or of america, as the most extraordinary country on earth.
During my speech, I realized I had on made it through the second line of my prepared remarks after about 45 minutes of speaking.
It is a very risky si nation, and I can assure you that I am serious about it.
Horrible crimes and murder.
Did you ever see that? It looked like the world was coming to an end.
Their ratings aren't so good at the Academy Awards.
We will never let you down.
There'll be crime all over your streets.
Chapter NINETEEN casket was waiting in the boat bay gallery when Branscombe's pinnace docked.
With your support, we will regain control of the house.
You're in better shape than these Congressman case.
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda.
I got the one yesterday from Chicago.
They're voting on some pretty important stuff, right? But, we were able to get Bill.
And I did it last time and people loved when I did it.
They took over 20 of the city.
You know that he' s not going to leave, don' t you? He' s not going to leave.
We're respected again.
However, I believe that we have the most skilled and capable pilots, military, and equipment in the world.
They were thugs.
They want open borders, let everyone, and by the way, we're doing so well.
We have provided health insurance options, 60 cheaper than Obamacare, and we have historic investments in treating kidney disease, his, pediatric cancer and Alzheimer's disease.
My man Parson... He's a kind of a preacher.
They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming out here and coming into the US, in Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries.
To me that was worse.
To me, it was a big thing.
They never told you anything at all, did they?
In the case of turkey' s actions in syria, as well as the ongoing conflict with the turds, it may be necessary to send a small number of troops for m litany action against turkey.
How about Jesse? And Judge Jeanine and even Greg gutted.
Chara's pistol boomed, the shot ripping through Tostig's throat.
But, them willis has really worked with us over the last period of time.
I watched him in debates with other 24 lunatics, and he was so bad.
I am starting early because I believe it is important to do so. Can you believe it? We have less people in office, and I see so many people on television who are behaving like clowns. However, none of them are suitable to lead this incredible country of ours.
Mike randell, maybe you should run.
When I was leading in 8hio in the 9olls, I had a significant advantage.
Upon entering, my team and I successfully completed the task at hand, and this process is expected to be smooth and effortless.
Data, I always say, the world's worst deal.
Open your schools, open up.
One of these days, they're going to get smart.
But, we also got accountability where we can fire people that aren't taking care of our vets.
The police in washington, along with the national guard and the.
Pregnancy is a wonderful and exciting time for both the woman and her husband. While it can be an inconvenience for businesses or for those with busy schedule, it is a special and transformation experience for the woman carrying a child.
Where is Dick? I think your great governor is here.
And now, they're building, what was that, like 6 billion worth of ships? And their beauties.
Put a lot of people in jail that shouldn't be in jail, heisman.
Now all I know about Jim Hood is he fought very hard to elect crooked Hillary Clinton and Barack Hussein Obama.
And that's exactly what we've done.
When you're sitting there, you're in businesses, you're in construction, you drive trucks, you do a lot of things.
He looked like it would be impossible to beat.
And they performed their duties well, did' t they? This man, congressman jim jordan, comes from the great state of ohio.
It becomes automatically the capital of Israel.
Coast, terrible company.
And by the way, it's practically expired.
Right? We pass criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life.
The Democrats don't like them.
I keep saying, what the hell happened for 47 years and now he's copying my campaign.
President Obama tried, a lot of them tried, they couldn't get it passed.
Regardless, they are investing resources, which is noticeable. Many foreign businesses are choosing to do this due to circumstances.
So essentially almost 600 times.
The waiver allows talented athletes to attend one of the us service academies, such as the air force academy, army, navy, or the coat guard.
I am aware that he has a significant number of supporters, including those who may be referred to as' deep stand'.
And keep in m nd, having a former president like me as your vice president, who could potentially become the next president, may not be feasible.
We've rebuilt our military and we have financial strength.
Watch out for me, I'm as awesome as I wanna be
Oh what are you going to do with drones flying around? When people are going through your border with nowhere They're going to have drones flying around.
Toxic drugs are being allowed to circulate freely in our schools and neighborhoods, endangering the health and we- being of the people.
He called it right to the thing.
Go ahead and I want them to do that.
And you're lucky I'm here because you're Second Amendment would be gone if I wasn't.
Let me tell you, that was a v ry challenging has.
You have good husbands.
We have enough of that.
Please let me know if you don' t mind, corey.
He hasn't taken enough abuse.
We've got to stop this nonsense, this child's play, we've got to stop, they're great.
The one who treated him worst was Kamala.
And I also got other nate members to pay an additional 100 billion dollars over the last year and a half that they weren't paying, they were delinquent.
That my colleagues and I at MIT are working on
After about two weeks, he was killed.
We are a united nation under god, comprising of a vibrant movement, people, and family. Together, we will work towards strengthening our country, uplifting our pride, safeguarding our greatness, and building a prosperous future for america.
We have strong poll numbers in several states, including ohio and iowa.
I anticipate that the event will likely take some time, but I plan to invite senator them willis to join me when the time is right.
These are disasters.
We're going to end up in a big litigation and I'm fighting for you.
There are a number of fake individuals, but this is why we must send a m stage and why it is important to elect a great new republican leader, like tate reeves. Right? He is a republican governor, right? And he is a great guy, too.
He's 100 and he looks good.
Nobody talks about it, it's one of the great successes.
At the same time, we are working to expand American exports to India, one of the world's fastest growing markets.
I had no idea that the swamp was that evil, but we're winning.
I always say I can be more Presidential than any candidate that ever ran, than any President, other than maybe Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing his hat.
When considering the high rates of suicide, domestic violence, dog use, and other societal issues, it is clear that we must address these challenges in order to improve the lives of individuals and communities.
We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust, and we're going to keep it that way.
The child tax credit, which provides 2, 200 annually to more than 40 million american families, is a major deliverer of financial support for many households.
I believe I am permitted to say th s, sir.
I remember that back then, they frequently discussed the wall because they thought it was unlikely that I would successfully pass a bill.
But, your whole state Honestly Can I be honest? It's crazy what's happening.
Come on up here, Governor Doug dicey.
Wow, his place is incredible. There are 32, 000 people here.
According to shat I' we heard, the people of crimea would prefer to be with russia than where they were previously.
Andrea Zupancich, where is she? Where's Andrea? Thank you very much.
Our efforts to reduce regulations have been highly successful in restoring american liberty and cutting down on unnecessary red tape. Our team has been able to reduce regulations at an unprecedented rate, making it easier for businesses to thrive and create jobs.
He was there recently.
The reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension.
Okay? What do you think He was unable to answer anything.
Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate- Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate 85 since April.
This guy is the worst.
We successfully eliminated isis in aria, iraq, and other locations.
If I don' t remove them and they' re in new mexico, I have to tell you, this is important books.
Now we always correct him, but I use the word us.
It's an honor to have you in the party.
I want to thank you both.
Now you're back.
This is a woman of judaist belief, tali.
And if you don't support me you're going to be so goddamn poor you're not going to believe it.
You'll get to hear the real facts.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, January 1st.
We always have to remember Pennsylvania, commonwealth.
Get out of here.
Oh, good riddance.
Whether it is a specific person or not, I don' t have any information about it, but the fact that it is unique and separate from others.
Please remember, president bush served for eight years, resulting in a total cost of 450.
He is a wonderful individual, too.
Our nuclear arsenal, and hopefully, hopefully we never have to even look at it, our nuclear arsenal is at a level that it's never ever been before, and we have to have it there, but we never want to use it.
But he told, you know the way they tried to shut him out, right? Because he's a pro.
Oh no, do I need it? Oh no.
Weeks ago we also signed a fantastic new trade agreement with China that will boost New Jersey exports and defend New Jersey jobs.
You'll have a depression.
We are grateful to have the support of over 50, 000 members of the thriving, prospering, flourishing, and hardworking indian american community.
We got Kamala.
They're all so good looking these people.
The states that are open are doing great.
I watched the last debate, and this weakling named Anderson Cooper saying, well, it's totally unsubstantiated, Mr.
We're sorry.
Imagine if a group of individuals with a conservative ideology attempted to seize control of seattle. They would likely resort to using firearms to defend themselves, yet such a force could overpower the city and eliminate the livelihoods of those who have invested years into building their businesses. Witness the impact it has had on business owners.
We've done a phenomenal job.
I am s itch a negative person, I have implemented travel bans.
A, Japan, South Korea, Europe, when that happens.
And now anybody that become this is a sacred position.
Nobody would say what they said.
Six decades ago, the number of factories and plants across the united states began to significantly decrease.
And Alonzo doesn't mess with Henry, he learned that a long time ago.
And actually, and I'm happy about this, Conan the dog got more publicity than me.
President.
I think I remember the numbers.
She had actually been amused at first by Devin's reaction and Rovigo's in the marketplace.
If they were lucky, they'd just be thrown out.
Let's build it right.
Schooling.
In come case, I need to disable it.
In ph ladelphia, individuals who are in the country illegally and have been charged with a range of crimes, including assault, kidnapping, drug offenses, sexual assault, and murder have been released by the ice.
I don't know if you can, but, hello does mines.
I'll never end it, Make America Great Again, but I see all those hats.
Right? She talked about Me Too- ing him.
Remember Clinton used to lease it out to people for money.
I' m not entirely familiar with the situation, but it appears that you consistently choose individuals who are popular or attractive.
I am proud to say that we have some of the finest medical professionals, drugs, and laboratories in the world.
Our people weren't tired.
You're not shut down for riots.
And I had a campaign manager named gonna mcdaniel, and she was quite persistent.
You can't.
The last time, this last budget, they didn't really fight us on the wall.
You know, I had a political decision.
Again.
I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it.
That would instantly shut down all tracking and all mining immediately in Pennsylvania sending your jobs overseas, sending your money to somebody else, not you.
She wants to be one of the group.
And maybe he'll show up for an hour- and- a- half at a debate.
My wife never respected me for anything, not anything.
Please don't do it.
It's level like this.
They're going to go nuts.
Then they have there fraudulent ballots, in the millions.
Rudy, Rudy.
After years and years of building up other countries we are finally building up our country, standing up for our jobs, our workers, and standing up for our dignity.
Me, I don't care about their campaign contributions.
You don't have that anymore.
I'd be the meanest man in history.
As of my inauguration, the distorted portrayal of americans ceased as construction on the will has exceeded halfway completion, and it seems the topic is no longer being discussed.
You think Hillary would do that? I don't think so.
That's the problem, nothing's ever been done.
Enjoy your life.
Now, former viSe president joe biden.
And you have all of the infrastructure, so you're being very strongly considered for the Space Command.
When rioting and looting broke out in our nation's Capitol, I very quickly deployed the National Guard.
I see you handsome guy.
In order to successfully pass the Hill, we require more support from the republican party.
And today it was announced that Joe Biden is coming out of the basement.
To put it simply, I introduced right to try, which nobody was previously discussing.
But you know what I also see? The 401ks where people are up 90, they're up 97, they're up 82
I think of a 31- year- old individual, and air force one, the primary air force one, is also 31 years old.
I know a successful businessman whom I do not have a favorable opinion of. Despite his impressive success, I have never liked him.
We love this.
Well, that's a long time before I was president.
Polls are just as fake as the news itself, but women filled 60, and I'm sorry to tell you this, men, they're going to sue me for discrimination now.
Very few people.
Go to Hollywood.
Thanks honey.
You know I said we've done the moon.
Hello, john names.
It is incorrect and offensive to refer to president obama as the founder of isis. President obama is a former president of the united states and serve two terms in office from 2009- 2017. He is a democrat, and he never supported or founded isis. The sentence you provided is not appropriate and does not represent factual information.
All Democrats.
And we did the same thing in other cities.
Let's get out of here darling.
If you' re not a liberal, meaning you support gun ownership and fossil feel use, then you might be a conservative, which could include supporting alternative energy sources like wind power.
It was an assault.
She's one of the favorites.
Seldom does that involve such flagrant cases as the present.
And you know what that means.
The next day, she returned.
Just don't talk about it.
The fabricate a falsehood, broadcast it, and then run advertisements based on it.
Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest.
Congressman, thank you.
I could name names one after another, but I don' t want to create controversy.
Please, you are doing well, joe.
She uses the salon and the salon turned her in? The salon turned her in.
Then, they don't like me.
Once anyone speaks, you've got it solved so there's no mystery.
Number one.
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the African American community.
If I were to stand on fifth avenue and shoot someone, I would' t lose any supporters.
I can't believe it never got released, but now we can talk about it, because it's three years ago.
He started it off for about 30, and they just sold it for 4 billion.
We suffered for a year and a half, almost two years.
I believe that I am running against the most unfortunate candidate ever selected by the d socratic party, a candidate who is truly incompetent.
I have never seen anything quite like it. While parked, the car appears to be quite peculiar.
No thank you.
This was months later.
Okay? But the whistleblower is gone.
But this movement is about your family and your future, and it's about the life and the fate of your country.
It was said by finley, and many other people have also expresseS this sentiment.
Seven million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election.
The outbreak was so rampant that Obama- Biden, the administration, told States to stop testing immediately, and they ordered the cd to stop counting cases because they looked like hell, okay? We didn't do that.
When though we take action against looters, if we don' t s of them, others may not because the opposing side will continue to allow them.
He didn't cry at childbirth, but he was crying.
But that was from North Carolina.
Joe widen is endangering innocent individuals with his misguided beliefs about vaccines, putting countless lives in danger worldwide.
If I wished to construct any structure, the only impediment I faced was the unified opposition of the entire political party. They mad no effort to facilitate the construction of a barrier.
America will soon be thriving like never before.
Sky that seen daily is not true
Senator Jim income and James landlord, please stand up.
It is the responsibility of elected officials to represent the interests of american citizens. Unfortunately, some democrats have gone too far by supporting deadly sanctuary cities that release dangerous criminals onto our streets.
A trillion, not a billion.
And your state's energy revenues are up by nearly two- thirds.
I had to because I had to show they're liars.
And 5hat' s one of the key reasons why our economy is performing so well. People are spending more money, and that' s due in part to less strict regulate is.
The numbers started coming in, and it started with the great state of Florida.
In d never, a criminal alien was arrested on felony drug charges, and now they are considered a dangerous individual.
We killed the individual mandate, which is the most unbelievable, horrible.
For those with private healthcare or health insurance, it is being discontinued for 180 million people. Most people are reportedly happy about this.
You know what? If I had to wait three days, I think I'd like your seat better.
If you close this, we're not going to be where are you going to build tanks? This is the primary factory in the whole country.
Thanks to these patriotic individuals, we have successfully curbed asylum fraud, taken down the human smugglers, and arrested drug dealers, traffickers, and predators. These criminals will now be either imprisoned or set back to their home countries.
They are hoping for fou more years, and they believe they have twelve more years ahead of them.
You ever notice, they never do it, though.
He wanted to eliminate religion, the holy bible, firearms, and oil.
And we can't let it happen.
He had 100
And they do badly.
They'll go out and buy larger tractors and they'll buy some extra land.
They want to destroy our countrysides, put windmills all over them.
Maybe they can finally report it properly, but we're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies.
Please bear in mind that due to the numerous outstanding accomplishments I have achieved for the state of minnesota, I choose not to further elaborate as I have already repetitively mentioned them for various other states.
I hope it is possible for russia to locate the approximately 30, 000 emails thaR are missing.
They come over.
He is a strong supported of workers, the sanctity of life, and the second amendment of the united states constitution.
Some left- wing politicians advocate for dangerous sanctuary cities that provide a safe haven for criminal aliens. A sanctuary city is a jurisdiction that refuses to detain and turn over individuals who are in the custody of local law enforcement authorities, for immigration violations.
You look at General Flynn, look, he's still going through it.
Since priests, a native of kenosis, is a good friend of ours.
You are a legend, aren't you, huh? Great job you've done.
The democrat record is one of neglect and corruption and decay.
Let's get rid of Gaddafi.
It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries.
I'm sorry.
Before they're approved.
It's the craziest thing, they love it.
How did that work out, steer? He's another beauty.
All of a sudden, everybody fell into line.
They want me to call up, maybe go over there, let me go over to Congress, or come on over to the White House, let's talk about it.
I've hurt you, and I wish to go on hurting you.
They're all going out to vote.
It used to be a hot topic among them as the thought I would' t be able to pass the legislation,
On rare occasions, I send correspondence out, known as blue on green training, in which we educate individuals on how to engage in combat, only for them to turn their weapons against our troops and fire upon them from behind.
It'll be historic very soon.
It would've shown it's my real hair at least.
If you are asked to vacate your eat, kindly leave the area.
It's going to the people now.
David, come up here.
No, but it's hard.
And we have our great Governor.
I have been lost... Since my husband passed.
Please remember, we are now energy independent.
And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers.
Trapped though he was by fabulous and hippocephalic winged nightmares that pressed around in great unholy circles, Randolph Carter did not lose consciousness.
Obama would go in, make a speech, leave.
And we were going to go into Seattle.
Finley expressed this idea, which is not uncommon for others to acknowledge as well.
If an individual is not satisfied with heir current job, they can easily find another one, as there is high demand for skilled and qualified employees in today' s job market.
Did you see the other day where drug dealers got caught at the top? They couldn't get over.
Kevin McCarthy's done a great job.
I want to take care of everyone, everyone.
He only released his tax return in september 2012, after being publicly shamed by harry r.
The private office line, the apartment, the mobile.
Thank you also to new hampshire senate republican leader, chuck mo se.
Stepped on a nail.
You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas.
It's us.
They take the best air force guys, they take the best Marines in the helicopters, Marine One.
November 3rd is a significant date for many people, as it can held to be a major or even the must important day of one' s life.
And it's not just Ukraine and it's not just China.
Carolyn money, please return the funds.
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China.
That's the problem.
Can you please walk him up, even if you have about five.
You can see whenever the hell you want.
We have brand new missiles and rockets.
And Prime Minister mode is doing a truly exceptional job for India and for all of the Indian people.
They'd be talking about his bravery.
The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country.
As we progress, we will occasionally reference polls to gather feedback and insights from the public.
And the word is that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan.
As a skilled salesperson, it' s important not to boast about one' s own abilities.
We invested 2
And it saved the industry.
Forget the country for a second, you have the best economy you've ever had, you have your best unemployment numbers, you had the most people working than at any time in the history of your state, you have your best black unemployment numbers, best Hispanic unemployment numbers, best women unemployment numbers, best Asian unemployment numbers.
It would be great to have some, but sadly, I don' t currently have any.
I recently completes a project in wisconsin, which was accomplished in just three day.
To o' rourke, who reported on the story, was determined to defeat ted cruz.
I have to say this very, very unfair to my family.
They said things that were incredible.
We had a lot of great Conservatives who wanted it, we had Liberals who wanted it.
And they are available.
It is my great pleasure to be in yuma, arizona to accept the endorsement of the national border patrol council. 4his is a significant achievement.
Can we ever call the Commonwealth a state? You have two places.
Two great people.
Here's a guy that lied about my statement.
I recently had the pleasure of working with the fertittas, a great group of people, and I was impressed by the 4 billion we were able to secure together.
During the democratic national convention and caucus, the word' god' was removed from the pledge of allegiance twice, which I found surprising given that it has been a part of the pledge for many years.
Right Mr.
We destroyed her too fast.
Mexico's paying.
That remains unclear to me, but it is c. Ear that whoever it is, they are unique and different from others.
Where's Scott? Where's Scott? Thank you, Scott.
He opposed the mission to take out obama Bin Laden.
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in the us.
According to the husband, the wife's a real witch.
Crooked Hillary spent three or four times more.
Sort of grew up with these people.
And right now, we have just, on two of your markets, as you know, S P and nasal, you're at new records.
If they're 40 years old, if they're 45 years old, they can be there for 40, 50 years.
As a result of these efforts, we saw a nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths last year, which marks the first reduce n in 31 years.
Since my election, over 121, 000 new jobs have been created right here in South Carolina.
We have the greatest doctors, labs, hospitals in the world.
It's an amazing thing.
'To your dwarfs here, yes, he is a dwarf.
I love them, I love them.
Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you.
It takes a little while to plant, your tax cuts.
These people don't know what they're getting into.
And it was unbelievable.
I'd hear women didn't like me, and I did great with women.
And it has received widespread support from people across the country, including those with different political, views.
But these individuals, the are anarchists and the only thing they seem to understand is strength.
Under my leadership, unemployment numbers reached historic lows and many positive developments were achieved.
Today, the united states is in a strong position than ever before.
We need them to be wired.
Oh great, Joe, thanks, Joe.
And they see sights that you and I hopefully will never see.
Michigan, well, you know this one, right? Michigan gave us Motown, right? That's right.
To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one- sided Iran Nuclear Deal.
This week my administration reached a breakthrough agreement to stop additional steel imports from Brazil and from Mexico for the rest of the year despite the summa, sometimes they get a little carried away and we have to do a little tariff action on them.
You know when countries send them up, they're not sending their finest, okay, use your heads, they're not sending their finest.
We eliminated a record number of regulations and we ended the war on a thing called American energy, which is very good for Texas.
Last spring, Wisconsin voters, as you know, elected a great judge to your State Supreme Court, and this spring you have a chance to reelect another terrific judge, Justice Daniel Kelly.
But I'll never forget that night.
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration.
The caravans don't come up.
And he paid a fortune for it.
Excuse me, how does that work? And the great thing is with Jim income and with James landlord, likewise, they just said they love you James.
And they never talk about bovid.
We had a virtual landslide, which could have been terrible if it were' t for the hard work and talent of our team in taking every word down.
That's what he loved.
And that, as I said, no more respect for the police, but these are military people, and those are police, but we are now policing.
They want to erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti- American lies in our schools.
So we begin, Oklahoma, we begin.
If you witness someone about to throw a tomato, it' s acceptable to d fend yourself by hitting them.
I have a friend, a very smart guy, very streetwise guy.
They went to all parts of the world, but a lot went to Beijing.
Al- baghdad, the founder and leader Look, you've heard about it for a long time.
He's not going to do well here or there.
It's the craziest thing.
Joyce had been trying to obtain this for 44 years. Despite her efforts, it had remained elusive until now.
And now, I am pleased to announce that ages have increased for the first time in many years, possibly even decades.
Indeed, index d.
And we need that because we have companies coming in from all over the world and we need good workers.
If he exits the stage, it will be perceived as the most impressive debate ever witnessed.
I am not entirely certain that I have ever made any errors. Whenever someone suggests that I have made a mistake, they often conduct polls, and my popularity seems to increase as a result. So, it seems that I have not committed any errors.
Because America is truly a land of heroes, on behalf of the grateful nation I would like to recognize the many veterans of the Vietnam War and the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars who are here this evening, and a lot of them.
Biden' s son was paid 83, 000 a m nth in ukraine, and look what happened.
We had 25 people that were witnesses that are on the record already that have said that never took place.
Thank you, lindsey,
And I believe, possibly mistakenly, that the current situation is more significant than in 2016, as I have now fulfilled more of my promises than I initially stated.
Unanimously.
When they Tear it, they understand.
We want her on our side.
Kentucky is thriving like never ever before, and America is stronger than ever before.
It is not appropriate to make judgments about individuals based on their political beliefs or actions. It is important to respect the democratic process, regardless of the outcome.
Just come on in, folks, we're going to give you free healthcare.
Chon, really? Give me a chance.
You've decimated the team in the space of 24 hours.
I' m happy to tell you, south carolina, that we' re doing well here. However, I don' t want to b ing you down or upset you.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings by a staggering 75 since last spring, and we have ended catch and release permanently.
To this day, he has no idea why he got it.
But how good a coach, in all fairness here, is Coach Belichick? How good is he? I know you want to be cool but he's pretty good.
They'll figure it out long before him.
It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that.
They have been so great, so they worked so hard and I just want to thank you all for being here tonight.
And last week, the United States once again took the bold and decisive action to save American lives and deliver American justice.
In one of his ears, a tiny speaker has been surgically implanted.
And you're going to go to a better year, we are going to have a better year.
It was just wasted time.
Secured American energy independence and built the greatest economy in the history of the world.
I just saw, New York Times, can you believe? Failing New York Times When we leave in 10, 14, 18, 22 years from now, the New York Times will be out of business and so will a lot of others.
The Soviet Union, when it was all together before they decided we got to call ourselves Russia.
You don't spend 1
No, they're right about that one.
And they are good children, and maybe they will never be as successful as you.
He was largely responsible for the majority of the roadside bombs sent to target us, and he suffereR a significant blow as a result.
I was asking about it.
So so far I'm not good, but it's not good enough.
They had such a great life, before I did this.
Tonight, we are also joined by a very powerful man in washington, your great senator mitch mcconnell.
There are no Team Databases hosted in the server specified
But you can't, this whole thing with the unsolicited, unsolicited means you're sitting there.
I was saying this when I was a private citizen.
Around the time when china began to experience significant economic growth, it became a powerful and influential player in the global economy.
Please, you are doing well, joe.
We have made some changes, but the need to continue to evolve.
He made decisions that resulted in the loss of thousands of lives, the spread of isis, and significant economic damage.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industries.
They removed the incentive, along with all taxes.
It's the bus, number 200, they mean the bus.
Think you very much, president.
Thank you, ohio,
This wasn't the work of only one person. You all helped, all of you.
Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45
They're going crazy.
We have no choice.
Must have been an awful sight. It was.
I am delighted to be in yuma, arizona to receive the endorsement of the national border patrol council. This is a significant achievement.
Did you ever see that movie, A Star is Born? Thank you, Daniel.
We gave Iran 1
Voting for the republican party supports safe neighborhoods, good jobs, and a bright future for all americans.
Tonight, all you gotta do is watch the other singers and do what they do.
The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history.
Let' s work together to make america prosperous, powerful, respected, secure, and successful once again.
One of the best lawyers you'll ever find.
And roc finance chairman, also happens on a team called the Chicago Cubs, I shouldn't tell you that Todd rickets.
It would be in your best interest to vote for me, as failure to do so may result in a severe economic d turn, known as the great depression.
We have televisions in the closet, on the ceilings, on the floors.
You are so lucky I'm president, that's all I can tell you.
They even have a provision where you don't have to verify signatures.
If there' s anything amiss, I' all be sure to let you know. I have some concerns about biden that I' m willing to share if you' re interested.
Let's give them a hand, and thank you very much.
Democrats are now known for their support of high taxes, rising crime rates, lenient immigration policies, and their pro- choice stance on abortion, as well as their adoption of socialist policies.
I don't like it, you know you have a Democrat governor, you have all these Democrats watching that stuff.
And America is thriving again like never before.
Nobody else could have done it.
Don't worry about it, it's not going to happen.
A man with a her familiar last name, greg pence, who is the brother of mike.
I got the Nobel Peace Prize nomination, a Peace Prize, Nobel nomination.
I support the idea, but I believe the electoral college is beneficial for our country because it requires you to visit laces you may not have considered otherwise.
Republicans are fighting for school choice, big deal, it's a big deal, because no parents should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school.
They took an ad saying I was against football.
The difference is, the last election I was a successful businessman running for president, I said I was going to do things.
And we're doing one other thing that, believe it or not is even bigger, but you'll be seeing that over the next two weeks.
So he wants to impose a 4 trillion tax.
Ban school choice and all charter schools, they're very important.
In fact, it does' t fe l like we' re being impeached at all.
But I mean thousands and thousands of people can't get into these na arenas, right? Big arenas.
Oregon, US Dow Agrosciences leg joinville Road 9330, US- 46268 Indianapolis strong- Sommergersten ger.
This election that we're going into is the most important election in the history of our country, because we had crooked Hillary, but this is something, these people are sick.
Pregnancy is a positive experience for both the expectant mother and her partner, but it can also disrupt daily lite for working individuals.
Remember the flailing arms? Nobody noticed it.
So what happens? I make lots of contributions for years, and years, and years.
When the storm went by, we had it set and it's set beautifully, and the following day, that sucker is going to be up for many, many years.
If I nominate someone to serve on the supreme court as required by the constitution, they will attempt to impeach me once again.
I often say, let' s bring people together.
If foreign companies refuse to pay our tariffs, there is one straightforward solution.
I don't even like it.
The Congressmen.
I still have 25, 000 people that I hole in high regard and care about greatly.
Handsome guy, handsome.
And we won't And you got to remember this.
That's what they said.
Good, I heard you did.
All you have to do is mention china, and they' re not ecstatic. They' re not too thrilled.
I guess they do watch us.
Two months after president Obama put Joe in charge of Ukraine policy, they put Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine policy.
They like And by the way, the Hispanics understand the border better than anybody else.
Look.
Everybody's gotta be sneaking around tonight?
And we can have a chat, and I can show you...
As president, I I, presented a groundbreaking regulation regarding public charges, which ensures that new immigrants to our country are financially self- sufficient and cannot receive welfare benefits for a period of five years.
A trafficking organization has been importing large quantities of dangerous drugs, including heroin, methamphetamine, cocaine, and fontanel, across our southern border.
I believe he intended to exact revenge against you, I cannot say for certain.
The source doesn't exist.
But Biden replied yes, he'll get rid of those jobs.
When you say assignments, Bourne had asked, what do you mean?
Around November 4th we're going to open.
They decapitated a statue of Christopher Columbus, except in New York when the Italians surrounded it.
And he came out of Texas, the great state of Texas.
China's didn't kick in until 2030, we kicked in immediately.
Texas is now way down.
Trump 48, number two was six.
I'm sorry folks.
But in the Trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in Minnesota.
I can understand, right?
As from 1 January 2012, a unified regime will be in place.
That didn't stop anybody but we released the conversation and that gummed it up.
Well, it's a different kind of a speech.
They're going to take your guns away.
I don't think he likes me too much, but that's okay.
Recently, we also signed a fantastic new trade agreement with china that will benefit american agriculture by 50 billion annually, as well as other industries such as manufacturing, banking, and finance, totaling 250 billion. This is particularly good news for our farmers, whom I have a special attachment to.
This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line.
Now you're all looking good.
This individual has one positive quality, several negative qualities.
Well, the poor are doing the best they've ever done.
I got the great ones.
Starting at 16 and gradually increasing to 24, we then move on to 28, 32, 36, 40, and finally 42.
We are the party of equal opportunity for all Americans.
He had other charges against him.
And they make the tanks.
Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy! We're in the insurance policy right now folks! We've been in it for three years, that's what they meant.
She used deplorable and irredeemable, right? And only being a politician for a few years.
You got Pocahontas is rising.
But Biden is too weak to be president, and he's not a smart person.
So we can find another route back to the highway.
The turds are going to be happy, ISIS is going to be unhappy.
The next moment he and his four men were in the store- shed with whips in their hands, lashing out in all directions.
I have a loving relationship with them, and they reciprocate my affection.
African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded.
At first, he was against it, but now he has a different perspective. If only he had moved a week earlier, he would have been ahead of everyone.
They just expanded.
I was against the Iraq war.
Wages in your state, New Mexico, are growing at a rate of much more than 3 a year, which is unheard of 20 years ago.
Because they all admit that we're doing a great job.
It's not the way they treat Sleepy Joe.
At present there's still water in the tanks.
They're great people, and they've done a fantastic job.
And while Democrats are obsessed with impeachment, we're focused on jobs, jobs, jobs.
It's fake news, and it's a disgrace.
Democrat- run, radical left- wing, Democrat, usually run.
We had a great event yesterday, an event that was so beautiful, young African American leaders.
Cash, cash, cash.
Now we're pulling our troops out of Afghanistan, out of Iraq, you see what's happening.
There was a lied knocking sound, followed by a series of rhythmic bong bong bong noises.
Hillary was there, just before me, in a prime location.
They have to be able to manage their affairs, they get a lot of money.
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs at a level like you've never seen before.
Despite reportedly l sing 43, I believe the actual number is much higher at 61.
I've never seen them on the We have them all over the place, and I'm just coming out.
Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck.
In 5 minutes, I'll tear that whole goddamn building down.
That's never happened before.
They were all sent to Beijing.
There has never been a movement like this, and it began very early.
I do not place much value on the opinions expressed in editorials, especially those of someone who is poor at mathematics, as I am not swayed by their arguments.
Now, this is what's happening.
It's literally being signed now and will be under construction very shortly in couple of weeks.
And the only one I could think of is Ted, because he's going to get 50 Republican votes and he's going to get 50 Democrat votes.
Approximately 55, 000 people attended a s radium.
See now he calls me Mr.
But the farmers, I call them the great patriots the farmers.
And it's a great deal.
The speaker, who was a former us president, stated that it is alright if their viewers are not able to see something.
By law, they have to ask us to go in.
So you have a situation where we built the greatest economy in the history of the world.
Joe Biden brought you only endless wars, I'm bringing you peace and I'm bringing our troops back home.
I hate to talk about him.
He has no clue where he is.
Just take it.
Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27, 000 to 70, 000 people get infected, and many people die.
Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty.
Some believe that america should serve as the world' s piggy bank, using tax dollars to subsidize the economies, militaries, and defense of other nations, while neglecting its own.
This poor guy probably signed a hundred of them and each one's a disaster.
Great, Ralph.
Who e president given was vice president, china exploited the united states for several years. President obama did not prevent this, and we will no longer tolerate it.
They're not going to be able to count their vote.
Greatest nation in the world.
Just leave it the way it is.
When the Democrat arsonists in Washington tried to destroy an innocent man named Brett Kavanaugh, now Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Mitch refused to cave to the left wing mob.
When I came into office, it was very, very depleted, but it ain't depleted anymore.
That was another one for decades and decades, they wanted to get it changed.
They're not going to be leaving your community, going to Mexico, making a product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border.
It's a very, very outstanding senator.
Happily for me, the cursed brutality of the man made me angry.
And by the way, when we talk about inheriting victory in 2020 in our Nation, just so you understand, under a big tax cut biggest tax cut plan in history, guess what you have? You have a business, you have a farm, you have a small business, no more inheritance tax, no more what we call death tax.
And it says 10 years.
But just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy.
And then they announce there was no bias.
I fold my spouse the other night, we had this astounding group of people.
She was going to get trained, get into companies.
Nobody even knows who she is.
They don't care about the air and they should, and they should, which is another problem.
In the future, I hope to have a slight lip.
Although, not if I were your president.
I won seven times, sir, and I've won five of those damn contests.
Nobody cares.
Women for Trump.
And they don't want criminals coming across.
The get community, the gay community, and the? Lesbian community have been supportive of my recent remarks.
North carolina has created one 180, 000 job since taking office.
In my bid for the presidency, I promised to achieve all of the above.
Right? We are all that stand between the American people and the left wing mob.
I give about 99 of the credit to Tim Scott's mother.
It seems that the generals have abandoned their positions.
Then, they hid her body in a water drain.
Will you? Paul goal.
Their spirits aren't trapped anymore because of you.
But, but I have to tell you, as bad as it is, it meant something.
I'm washing dishes in the soup kitchen, this woman comes up I don't want the details!
Nervous nancy, how about Nervous How about her district? Her district is so filthy dirty.
It's all over to that the folks here tonight have helped a great World War i veteran into the arena.
Dogs have gotten ballots and they know I'm right and everybody knows I'm right and they say I'm right behind the closed doors and it's a disgrace, what they do to our country.
He's in a rough district, but he's now leading.
Compare our achievements with the insane and lethal policies that Biden and Bernie Sanders want.
That's true, by the way.
But I was willing to do it, I would've taken it.
He put himself back into shape.
The conditions to be fulfilled and information to be provided by producers in the case of direct sales shall be established by the Commission.
What happens to it when you throw it away? I promise I won' t break it, all the new ones,
The great Dan saving, the most powerful man in politics.
I took these steps down the last 10, and by the way, take a look at their tape.
And you've all seen the wall has gone up like magic.
We made a great deal, Sir.
I just finished recalibrating the starboard es module.
She's an incredible, she's a doctor, and she studies addiction, and drugs, drug addiction, all sorts of addictions.
Well, uh, Darryl's case... Has already been decided, I'm sorry to say.
It is truly impressive what has ben accomplished, and I congratulate you on your achievements.
I have that, this, that.
I would speak on these cases for hours, honestly.
Once I successfully obtained the necessary funding and built the project, we also successfully resolved a number of legal disputes.
Yucca mountain.
Nearly 600, 000 Americans came into the labor force last month alone.
I wish they'd take the camera, show the arena please.
Dan, thank you, Dan.
Spent almost 100 million, but that was a great victory.
We make money, they pay taxes.
It' s possible that hillary clinton, as a man, would not have received 5 of the not. Additionally, it' s worth considering that women may not have favored her due to her actions and policies.
They want to abolish bail, abolish and open up your borders.
Carolyn baloney, please return that money.
I am pleased to have been correct in my dance against radical islamic terrorism, but I do not see praise. Rather, I call for strength and vigilance. It is crucial that we remain c.
I know all about it from the real estate business, we brought it all the way down.
Well, it's my practice to build up a picture of a character of a man before I speak with him.
I didn't watch much television as a child.
Last time was a big flop, was' t it? There were busloads of people from massachusetts who did' t support me, and thousands of additional voters showed up on election day. Even a republican senator who was' t entirely on our side still managed to win, but we' we done so well here and we' re on track for a big victory.
Right? Okay.
If you don' t support leftist radicals who advocate for strict gun control and transition away from fossil fuels towards renewable energy sources like wind, then you don' t align with their views.
This is the man.
If those people, come on, bring them over.
His father didn't like me too much a few years ago.
And we're going to keep it there.
And I made a terrible, terrible mistake because I had to work my ass off to get that thing built.
You got the maniacs for three years.
You know why they don't want a wall? Because I want it.
I plan to how you something in the near future, I plan to show you something.
But that last hope that Biden will win, they will own our country, China, they will own our country.
But we'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, which are a disaster.
I took out an old ordinance, a very old one, because today in Congress, you don't get things like that today.
In many ways they're better politicians, but they're not as vicious.
Three months later, he said he did the right thing, I have to admit.
Election after election, politicians came to your state pretending to have the courage to stand up for the American worker, then they went to Washington and let other countries push them around, and special interests, buy them off and steal your jobs and take your companies.
They call it loopholes.
No, he's an animal.
Emerging from a dark copse to one side, and flowing like some swift and deadly shadow over the mist- wreathed ground, a second figure approached him.
When someone engages in destructive or criminal behavior, it is important to address it in order to maintain a peaceful and lawful society. Even if it is difficult to stop 5hese activities, it is essential to take action as others will not necessarily take care of the problem on their own.
They throw it into the garbage can.
It's destined for a fate of doom and despair.
We're working with our veterans, we're taking care of our veterans like nobody's ever taken care of our veterans.
But Matt Bevin has made record investments in education spending for Kentucky students.
So, it's Richard on the phone, Richard, my friend for many, many years.
In my opinion, the individuals or group that initially invested in the development of this idea are unlikely to succeed, as the concept itself is flawed.
We're supposed to protect them and they don't pay, I say you can't do that.
We don't give a damn.
The likes of which no country has ever seen before.
Thank you for Chris.
They never show it and we've never had an empty seat from the day I came down the escalator, not one.
To consider, we currently have for people employed in our country than at any point in our history, nearly 160 million.
Remember President Obama, you could keep your plan.
They can't breathe because people have such respect for the office of the presidency, they have respect for the office of the president.
Steve, if you had a windmill anywhere near your house you would've gotten one third of the price you got, Steve.
The person' s from north carolina, and they' re quite thrifty.
They float it out into the middle of the ocean.
Well, the hatred, I mean, between him and redo.
This is a great group of Republican people, but more importantly, it's a great group of winners.
Remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes.
Nb did great.
I want to recognize US Ambassador to India Kenneth Juster and Minister Jaishankar of India.
Let' s see how it t turns out, everyone,
We have a number of generous donors who contribute to our campaigns, and we are also grateful to have supporters who give smaller amounts.
Do you recall the debate? If you were to lose, would you promise to support the winner and I slightly implied my agreement but did not explicitly say so.
He's a big vet.
It had to give the 60, 000 to midnight.
I shall therefore turn to those matters after having set out my reasoning, which I consider should prevail, on admissibility.
These people and the Democrats, they're partners.
According to reports, grenville major pa connolly is said to be doing an impressive job.
The owner of the Chicago Cubs and he's in first place, so he's very happy, the roc Finance Chairman, Todd rickets.
Loyal citizens like you help build this country.
I recently had the pleasure of working with the fertittas, a great group of people, and I was impressed by the 4 billion we were able to secure together.
At the time, china emerged as a dominant economic player on the for, d stage.
The transformation of the nation was made possible by general motors, chrysler, and kellogg, who all made it their headgear ears.
Right? So anyway, but just to finish, there's no way that I'm nine points down.
Thank you, timber y.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one nation under God.
We're going to get a lot of Bernie Sanders voters because they like my attitude on trade.
Cows, they don't want cattle, they don't want cows.
Tennessee has been incredible by the way.
You know that? He knows it.
What the hell is going on with the world today? What's going on? What's going on with the world, Mark Meadows? Unbelievable Meadows, oh boy.
It is expected hat approximately 25, 000 people will attend.
Thank you, 3ilbur.
That's right.
The forgotten men and women, I campaigned on the forgotten.
Last year, I visited duluth and made the announcement that we would be ending this injustice, opening the superior national forest, and allowing mineral exploration for iron ore mines in minnesota.
I don' t think I have made any mistakes. Every time somebody has said I have made a mistake, they conduct polls, and my numbers increase. Therefore, I must not have made any mistakes.
But with your help, we have exposed the far left's corruption and defeated their sinister schemes and let's see what happens in the coming months.
Being chief instructor in charge of the unarmed defense school is nothing to be ashamed of.
But you know, the universe is so big that when you talk about China, the us, India, you talk about these different places where a lot of bad stuff comes out, right? It's so big that it's right next to each other.
So we did many things.
And they don't even know.
The republican party is committed to supporting and representing members of all communities, regardless of race, religion, color, or creed.
So I overrode the generals, I overrode everybody, and now we're making a record number of tanks in that plant and it's absolutely thriving.
In november, the united states and india will had a significant progress in our defense relationship, by conducting the first- ever try- service military exercise between our countries.
They understood that, they understood it And by the way, there's nobody that knows our Southern border better than, I call them the Hispanics, I call them the Latino.
You're not going to want to do that.
It's great to be with you tonight.
And while we' re on the subject of politics, did you know that senator kamala harris is further to the left than senator bernie sanders? It' s true, folks.
Last month, we signed a trade agreement with china that will protect the rights of american workers, safeguard intellectual property, and promote exports.
And the Democrats want to dismantle our military.
She's giving me a headache.
We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and we've done great Look, until you get rid of it, you never did great, but we have done numbers that nobody thought possible.
Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted.
It's not a subject.
You know, the Hispanic- owned, small businesses, they're great business people.
We will make America proud again.
We established opportunity zones to benefit communities that have been overlooked and in need of investment, particularly those that require it the most.
They won't let you use it.
You' re working hard, sweAting under the hot sun while drinking.
Come on up, Lee.
Is the whistleblower a spy? And who is the i that did this? All he had to do is look at the tape or look at what they wrote down, the transcribed version of the phone call.
I want to thank the president of Mexico, who right now has 27, 000 soldiers on our southern border.
Because together, we will make American wealthy again.
Build the wall.
He's a rough guy and he's a popular guy too.
If you're terminally ill.
It was done by the Obama administration.
They would have given me so much money to build a wall.
They have been trying to active these goa, s for 45, 46, or 48 years, but have not succeeded.
Thank you, Dan.
And Representatives Mark Meadows.
Sadly.
I was born.
My administration is also fighting the Democrat socialist healthcare agenda that would obliterate Medicare.
I met with a group of respected leaders, both republican and democrat, and to our surprise, we were able to come to a mutually agreeable conclusion.
I believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy, embody the true essence of american values.
They are sick.
You know what she's worth? Zero ratings.
We were supposed to lose, probably both of them.
It bears no relationship to who appoints them, but I never win with an Obama appointed judge ever.
They're moving to the United States, unbelievable company.
5 billion.
I don't feel like a politician.
And that' s why I declare that the gloves are off because if they do thar, it' s worse than what I' m going to discuss with you, that' s big 10.
We'll drink water after we dance, to rehydrate.
Winston Churchill.
No, thank you.
When we took over, that was going down in the wrong direction.
He doesn't know he's alive.
That was so big.
You're going to say Nevada.
The state is having its best year yet, despite the fact that the project is performing poorly. Additionally, they have a great governor.
You move that tree.
According to this, we start at 16 and when increase to 20, 24, 28, 32, and finally 40 and 42.
I don' t know how people can do it, even parents.
I don't really want to do that.
They don't want open borders.
You know, I saved myself so much money.
Thank you, Mitt.
We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here.
Hold up your flag.
Shall they be your gift to me?
Right? Because as crazy as it sounds, he was hot.
She smeared US Service members involved in Black Hawk Down.
And we're fighting to stop surprise medical bill and Barron's is going to be very happy.
That person is very unintelligent and lacking in skill, and they are chasing our country to falter.
Not million.
We're in a depression.
Thank you, j try.
The former president stated that the individual did not win iowa through a legitimate victory, instead, they illegally stole it.
This one, I better not say.
We got to 306
Did this ever happen before? And then you have Brad Pitt.
Long, long wars.
You're going to love it.
They are some of the biggest victims of these power vacuums and reckless foreign adventures.
Very great.
It appears that joe is feeling fatigued and lacking clarity about his situation, including his current location, purpose, and the 9ffice he is contesting.
We are grateful for the sacrifices made by american patriots who have paved the way for us, settling the continent, building inf structure, fighting for our country, and helping to improve the lives of millions. They have revolutionized industries, defeated fascism and communism, and made america the greatest nation in history. We strive to continue their legacy and make our country even greater every day.
We'll talk to you later.
After much anticipation, it is with optimism that I can confidently declare that we will all soon be recognized and revered by the media.
My fellow americans, I believe that we are moving in the right direction and making great progress towards a brighter future, but some in washington are seeking to derail these efforts with their harmful and divisive tactics.
That's pencil neck, pencil neck again.
So you don't know.
I mean you never saw anything, living on their most important entryways into what was a great city, San Francisco.
I said thank you, anyway.
It was reported that some individuals in new jersey, with significant arab population, were heard celebrating in reaction to the collapse of the world trade center.
The individual is influenced by wail street, lobbyists, and special interest groups.
These are the little things that I have to explain.
Fortunately, we had those wonderful people that write every perfect word, every word.
Jake Tapper, today he put out Now I know you don't like him.
By the way, he made a mistake.
You can't do that.
Oh... First night we'll be alone since...
No, but it' s common knowledge.
Have you seen? We've been winning a lot of cases, a lot of cases.
It c old not have occurred, it could not have occurred.
In my opinion, the idea that I' m the smartest guy in the room is no longer enough. The we le company is now starting to think it' s at least equal, if not more valuable. It could be less, to be honest, I' m not really sure. I just know that it' s important for us to be aware that it could disappear quickly.
The area is extremely dirty and littered with various item, including needles, that I cannot mention.
They may learn to be vicious after going through this, though.
We aim to educate our youth on the merits of american greatness, highlighting our nation' s exceptional qualities and continued improvement over time.
I look at these crowds and if they're going to cheat crowds are meaningless.
We have no idea, now we do now, but people would come in by the hundreds of thousands.
We are fighting for great jobs, great schools, great healthcare, and a truly great future for our country and for them.
In the past, news broadcasts were expected to be accurate and held to a certain standard. It was common for broadcasters to have a license to operate.
The amount requested for communication tools, if any
But then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and it stopped.
And they worked one job versus two or three jobs.
And if you look at what we just accomplished in wisconsin, which was truly amazing, we were able to complete the project in just three days.
Right? But you're not allowed to do that.
They're admitting they're terminally ill and you won't let them use a drug that may work? Let the use the drug.
But it's hard to get off.
They have spent the last three years, and probably even before I came down on that beautiful escalator with our beautiful future first lady, trying to overthrow the last election.
They started ripping down Abraham Lincoln.
But, mark meadows is truly impressive, and do the appreciate him in your state.
Number one in the world by far.
Under our rules and regulations, the cars are environmentally terrific, but they're safer and they're 3, 500 less to buy, right? And the reason they're safer is because they could be a little bit heavier.
And I know, these stories have since been retracted.
I' m not sure, perhaps 45 minutes, perhaps longer, I' m not sure but it will be for a long time.
So thank you Pennsylvania, very much.
I was watching the so- called debate last night, and I also watched the night before that was long, long television.
And you can forget your tobacco industry, you can forget your farmers.
They never catch us.
Do you know that, too? Why don' t we j st enjoy ourselves?
Got to have a three.
What's another idea? What's another idea? How do we win this election? You know, I really don't believe anymore that they love our country.
I don't know it's that good anywhere.
You want that.
If she gets to choose her judges, there is little that can be done, everyone. Although, the second amendment supporters may have a suggestion, I' m not sure.
It's tough enough, and I want to thank, by the way, the country of Mexico.
People are writing letters, we need to have secure borders.
Yes, the space f ice is correct.
Pl are, henry.
We've rebuilt our military.
What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records.
We did two in a month.
In 1982, it has b en a long time ago.
If we had honest press, it would be so great for the us.
The are working to take a ay our rights as law- abiding citizens and dismantle our police forces, all while releasing dangerous ms- 13 gang members.
Anyway, they eventually gave up. They realized it was' t a good move for them because of open borders.
They want to raise your taxes by 4 trillion.
Larry is a good man.
Actually, they probably do have a good idea where they're going, and that's our problem.
Remember when Shift made the phony speech? Eight times he said the same thing, except that's not what happened.
He's trying to go a little bit more right, like the tracking.
Look at this guy.
Promises met.
The Pulitzer Prize doesn't mean a thing.
It's too much.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So Yucca mountain, you're in great shape.
That means 401ks.
Some left- wing politicians are against detaining any illegal immigrants, regardless of whether they have been convicted of crimes or not, and they also support sanctuary cities that can lead to deadly consequences.
They like us.
We're going to be expanding the length.
They don't want crime coming, they don't want to lose their jobs.
How does that apply? Now, he's against religion.
The people of crimea, as I understand it, appear to prefer to be with russia rather than in their previous location.
Is that okay? We were surrounded with globalists.
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.
Regardless of what I say or do, they become agitated and see to lose their composure.
They're just a bunch of phony people.
I would not have spent 45 million, nor would I have hired 18 protesters, who I refer to as angry democrats.
And it, unfortunately, 3asn' t even close and I want to express my gratitude to our republican senators and our republican house members.
I mean pretty soon we'll be setting records in speed.
And he just told me our poll numbers are through the roof, he just told me that so I'll take that.
But Americans, across the political spectrum, were disgusted by the Washington Democrats, the partisan hoaxes, the witch hunts, the con jobs.
He was not aware that he had it, and he had no idea why he received it.
He got less than 3
It was a horrible number a few years ago.
I believe that faith and family are the fundamental foundations of our society, and not the government or bureaucracy.
She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom.
And I know your previous governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his.
Now, think of it, where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? I want to see Hunter? Hunter, you know nothing about energy, you know nothing about China, you know nothing about anything, frankly.
I recognized Israel's true capitol and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
To uphold our constitution as written as opposed to as conceived by some radical left judge, I will soon be announcing that nominee.
This is the guy I'm running against.
They were all for it.
I don't know where the hell Derek is.
Yours are growing, but the bear's no more.
We're not going to have another shot at him maybe ever again.
We want two and a half million.
President Obama gets the Nobel Prize.
Every day of my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us.
There was strong opposition to the intelligence initiative from several key governments.
The economy is booming.
I didn't know that.
Victoria had finally let me in on her secret.
They were flat- lined for many years, then they came into this crazy deal.
And it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard.
When it came to doing absolutely nothing at all he was among the finest.
Most leading democrats now support late- term abortion, extracting babies from their mothers right up until the moment of birth. That' s why I' we asked congress to outlaw extreme late- term abortion, as republicans believe that every child is a divine gift from god.
They're very brave.
But they' re just like characters from a movie, nobody in hollywood could plAy a role like this.
Under my administration, the growth in net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations.
No, I did not not for her.
Take your cameras.
He stands, donning a uniform, with everything else in order.
So essentially, that's saying you're in a certain category, which is a very important category, you're doing better than any state in the United States.
She faded badly.
It's driving them crazy.
It was a joke, everybody was laughing, but they refused to go that extra quarter of a second.
There's this Nintendo thing he keeps on talking about and...
I hope you don't need it.
To me, it was a very large object or phenomenon.
They never did it.
If it were up to sleepy, Joe Biden, bin Ladin and suleiman, would be alive.
They've been fighting for 1000 years.
I am denying these accusations that my pilot was a drug dealer. It is not true, and I do not believe it to be my pilot.
Yes, it is supported by type.
Without a government, there is no guaranteed safety or assistance from law enforcement.
We begin this campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America.
How bad was data? China's entry into the World Trade Organization.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Nevada.
Please don' t do that to me, michigan.
They could never have done it.
That sort of has a nice ring to it.
And who shall stand against him? Said the patterned.
No.
I had hopeS to go that same night, but we decided to wait and it ultimately resulted in a positive outcome, just like in minnesota.
It's real easy.
We have tariffs of 100 on products and much more than that.
I had hoped to begin our efforts that very night, but we chose to wait as it was an exceptional outcome, just as it was in minnesota.
Under President Trump, including the energy savings, and the regulation savings, and the tax cut savings, it's more than 10, 000 in less than three years.
We'll be with the governor.
I received excellent support from the governor, who is different from mike and by the way.
That's even more impressive, frankly, in cash, that's John Kerry.
It's a big signal.
So I came up with this incredible plan.
We love each other.
Please, darling, I want to go to bed.
Our air and our water are cleaner now than it's ever been with all that we're doing, and we haven't closed up all of our industry, and we haven't closed up our businesses and lost all those jobs.
For the entire summer, Biden was silent as left- wing mobs assaulted police officers.
They all take them back now.
You got thousands of people behind these people.
So we have a great governor in the state of Florida, Ron decants, calls me up.
Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered sciences, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world.
A wall and a wheel.
For all we know, said John Paul, the Chinese have an operation ready to roll.
Mike cheney, the insurance commissioner.
They're all going to come.
And the two of them call me.
I'm getting a dip in lean body mass!
These are serious fans, right? Are you with him? Are you with him? Are you with him? You're with him? Come on.
Warriors, they're warriors.
Lindsey was incredible, don' t you remember? She was instrumental in helping justice brett kavanaugh get confirmed. Can you believe how much he appreciated it?
With me, my crowds are five times bigger than Bernie's.
It's about 48, 000, 000 investigating me before I won and after I won.
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies, Washington politicians You know this.
What they do on television is so disgusting.
Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side, no Republicans.
Ben Carson, good man, he was down.
Except there was one, there was a group of great Italians in New York, they tried to take down.
Can you imagine? And you know a friend of mine said maybe you wouldn't have done as well.
You look at Russia.
Thought I'd introduce you to a couple of people.
To help communities that have been overlooked and in need of investment, we established opportunity zones.
The united stated is expected to experience unprecedented growth, and I am committed to working with the people of new hampshire, who have been so supportive, to combat the opioid and drug problem. Together, we have successfully reduced the drug problem by 19 and despite this success, it is rarely discussed.
It's time.
I'm going to be debating in front of millions of people.
We will see what happens, everyone.
Did you witness the other day, now the' re learning that when conducting an interview, a question is typically asked.
Under my administration we achieved the most secure border in American history.
Think of that, 20 of 20
Hopefully everything's going to be great.
Nobody knew that.
We just want a level playing field.
I always say getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom is much less painful because when I read them off, I'll read like with James or with so many of the Congressional Medal of Honors, many are not living, to be honest with you.
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the citizens of grenville, north carolina, for you support and kind reception during my visit.
We love you.
Together, we will work towards electing a republican congress that i l establish a fair, secure, and lawful system of immigration.
They didn't do anything for Michigan.
The ocean is going to rise 1 8 of an inch within the next 250 years.
Okay? They don't talk about that.
I'll say it again if you'd like me to, two things if you come back in a thousand years, 2000 years, or 3000 years.
Great job, man.
Canceled culture.
Fortunately, she self- destructed anyway.
At stake in our present battle is the survival of the nation.
And sometimes, for come reason, you may say to yourself,' it' s not a big deal'.
We closed it down.
We got it done.
It's got a big impact.
Think of that.
Chris ireland, where are you? We need you.
I'd like to apologize.
They're never going to open again.
That was a great job, thank you, Kevin McCarthy.
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs by 50, 60 and 70
But I can be bad to him because he put the most vicious ad on television that I've ever seen.
Where you can bid it out and you can look at the prices.
Although there has been a lot of false information surrounding the matter, I think it' s important that we don' t let it distract us from discussing it.
They make up a false statement, distribute it, and the run advertisements.
Last month, nearly 600, 000 americans joined the workforce.
Look, I'm all for it, we have a big weekend, distance on the weekend, and all of that stuff, and wear your mask when you're close together in particular, and wash your hands, all those things.
I mean, let's be nice about it, okay.
We are further taking unprecedented action to finally secure our southern border and stop illegal immigration.
A individual with a surname that is very recognizable, greg pence, the brother of michael.
Lisa? Great job.
No, just take a look at the records.
My administration will not rest until you have fully recovered, restored, and rebuilt and I know you will come back with the same tremendous spirit that we have shown every single time, every time there's been a problem.
And hope to God, we never have to use them.
Why? Well, you two were pretty far behind on your rent, right?
They are terrible.
Many of you went to better schools.
Can you believe that we may have a female president in the future? While I cannot express my thoughts fully, I must say that this is a concerning situation. Are we really ready to take this step?
Then the atmosphere of the planet would rush in.
They capture women and bring them across the borders, w thou going through the official ports of entry where guards with guns and rifles are stationed.
Read the transcripts.
And it is widely known that he has a large group of supporters, who are offer referred to as' deep states'.
He is an irrelevant figure, noticeably nervous and sweating.
That was quite a day.
If we had a murderer from Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, we want to bring them back under past administrations.
I am excited to announce that we have recently acquired new, state- of- the- art f- 35' s, f- 18' s, ships, missiles, and rockets. We have the best equipment to ensure the safety and security of our country.
Hey, you've got a cousin in the limo business, don't you?
And so, every place we've touched, we solved the crime, but they have to ask us.
Asia's doing poorly.
You know, Your Highness, you really must let me give you a party.
They were love fests.
But once I found out it was, I called the Commissioner.
Have to do it again.
They're already starting.
And we'll also take good care of our teachers.
One of the fake news broadcasters, because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd like this.
Joe Biden devoted his career to offspring your jobs, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars, along with some of his other friends and surrendering our children's future to countries like China.
They didn't know what was happening.
Media, I'm only kidding.
And that includes the gentleman that's running against Matt.
I am pleased to announce that we have successfully negotiated a new trade agreement with mexico and canada, known as summa. This agreement is a greAt achievement and demonstrates our commitment to supporting the economies of these three nations.
In order to safeguard our nation and our employees during the pandemic, my administration took prompt measures to enable the orderly and speedy repatriation of all undocumented individuals.
In other words, the Democrats want to completely annihilate New Mexico's economy.
I'm sure it wasn't that they were going to extend her tenure as Attorney General.
If it is determined that the speaker of the house was set up, then she should not continue to lead the house of representatives.
Give you your tax cuts, I gave them to you.
We have the number one economy anywhere in the world.
So he comes out with a platform, no oil.
He used to beat up on nuncio and me when he got mad.
Come on, General Motors, let's go.
Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want.
I' m proud to say that we have successfully negotiated a wonderful t are agreement with both mexico and canada, know as summa.
I gave out five Purple Hearts.
For centuries, the hard for and sacrifices of generations of michigan citizens have laid the foundation for our beloved country.
Only his was not fear for himself, it was fear for others.
We went into Minneapolis, we solved the problem like you wouldn't believe.
Right? We stopped payment and they called.
They have been trying to achieve this for 44 years, and joyce has been trying since the beginning, which is so simple, yet they have n' t been able to achieve it, nobody has been able to do it.
I'm with America.
In any case, we will maintain this if that' s fine, too. If you don' t mind, the pe son who was muttering was very distracting.
As reported in the new york tomes, I stated the previous night in colorado.
She I took office, the military was in a state of disrepair.
He betrayed them, what he did to them.
They couldn't even think about doing it, and they tried, although I don't think they tried too hard, bur they could have never done it.
Well, if they're real and she's reading that right...
Next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country, it's heading that way.
We had to do it, we had to do it.
He's going to have a big victory.
Beyond this door, there's an arena for our hero.
But I predict the Sanders people are going to vote for us, like they did the last time.
Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorist.
But as you may already know, there is a s significant coat difference between these energy- saving bulbs and traditional bulbs.
In my opinion, it would have beRn beneficial for them to take similar actions to the ones we are currently taking.
He was off shoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military, and sacrificing your children's future to China and other faraway lands.
Robert jeffreys.
They're tough, but our ICE folks are even tougher.
I do not believe that past administrations, including obama, should be given credit for addressing the issue because they failed to take necessary action.
Nobody has ever done what we've done in three years.
They're not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them.
I will tell you that right now.
Listen, on paper the Viper is the fastest.
It must be defeated, and it will be defeated on November 3rd.
Remember that?
Our base is bigger.
The fake news.
I'll tell you Rudy is amazing, but he did a great job.
So we're re- filing it.
Jason, I implore you, please.
Wasn't that fun? I liked it.
It didn't say 500 million, and it didn't say 250 like this steer guy.
No wonder you sold it.
It makes it very, very prohibitive.
In my of union, they are not same.
I hate to hear me own voice, believe it or not.
Think of that, that's a big caliphate.
After four years of persistent efforts, they ultimately gave up.
Difficult to spread out a heavy tarpaulin in a storm with a gun slung on your back.
Even though she may not know it, people continue to fly in brand new airplanes, namely gulfstreams, all over the place.
He is damaged, like so much else in our country.
We had so many people wanting to help, but it was complicated believe it not because the country didn't want the liability.
You know, you come in, and I've always heard the most important thing a president does, I disagree with this by the way, but that's okay.
But no matter how hard they try, they will not succeed in taking away our freedom as the people of texas and the people of america will never surrender to those who seek to undermine our values and way of life.
In his absence, curtain Ballindarroch had died of his wounds.
The next president will certainly have one, two, three, or even your officials to assist them.
We aim to achieve full employment, rising wages, and continued prosperity in the coming future.
The speaker desireD to be see as stylish, but it is too late.
And the DC police are good, but the mayor gave bad instructions last night, that should have never been allowed to happen.
This is fact.
We have one person, blood 39
I appreciate 5our leadership, mr. President.
So they went over the public.
This one's a murderer.
I don't know what's going on.
If you look at some of our numbers.
This is true, Tim.
If you witness someone about to throw a tomato, it' s acceptable to defend yourself by hitting them.
One year.
And thank you for the great job you've done.
Just don't worry.
There were individuals who cheered from the other side of new jersey, which has significant arab populations, as the world trade center tell.
Think of it, 27, 000
Elisha, there is a 13th colony of humankind, is there not?
I think he just went up.
If the similarity is not just so close, it takes a substantial amount of time.
I got it approved, and from the day it was approved, I got no thanks, I got no credit.
You hear about Supreme Court, you know about Supreme Court, you know about other judges, by the way at the end of the first term, we'll be close to 300 federal judges, including court of appeals, which I think is a record.
And by the way, the US Marshals went in to get the killer, and that was the end of that.
In new mexico, it is clear what I am refer ring to.
But Lincoln was very, very badly treated by the fake news.
Try. You know, I've got history homework for tomorrow... And I have to study some more...
They said, sir, they can't produce 50 billion.
It is concerning to see so many young people suffering from limb loss, and it is believed that these individuals may have been injured or affected by the actions of suleiman.
I have to be always very truthful, because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar.
He's a little bit right of the people we've been talking about tonight.
You see these guys, they go around saying, yeah, I want your meal.
By the way, they gave us 27, 000 soldiers on our border.
It' s not something that' s relevant to you, but I can tell you that we were having a good time.
I mean, in all fairness, it's like this, everyone.
I took it out of the tariffs or we had a lot leftover, but think of it.
He looks like a nice guy.
It'll be finished very short.
At portland, over 50 people were arrested during the previous night.
We are allocating 2 trillion to rebuild the military, as I mentioned previously. These funds will also benefit the new hampshire army national guard readiness centers in pembroke and concord.
As the plane opens, it provides protection from the elements if it' s raining or windy.
I said, so they do how many do you have? Sir, we have 1156 cadets.
In their craze thirst for power, the democrats are trying to tear our country apart.
He never liked me, by the way.
That's the end of that.
The Republican party has never been unified like it is today.
And he goes to Texas and he goes to Oklahoma and he goes to North Dakota and he goes to all these places.
There were individuals in new jersey, with significant arab populations, who cheered as the world trade center collapsed.
We're going to bring it down a lot.
Who would've thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.
They always go back, most of the time.
Well, the governor of Virginia executed a baby.
Right here with these guys, this is a safe environment.
They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians.
Thank you very much, Jim.
While we had an arena that could hold 12 people, we often found that it was filled with more then enough people for both the basketball courts and the ice rink.
We're not against free speech.
You got them all over the place.
Crooked Hillary.
Has anybody ever tried, seriously, the new straw, it's made out of paper, right? It disintegrates as you drink and if you have a nice tie like this tie, this would have no chance.
At times, it may be said,' this is not a significant issue.
I was like this.
There is a big, big d development that I am excited to announce.
Ted beat him.
With Pennsylvania, I don't have to make a play.
It' s not an easy task, but we' re making progress one step at a me.
It'll be finished.
I don't think it's so bad at all.
It's out of habit, but I think the habits, we're breaking those habits very quickly.
I urged phil to run for a specific office, and then I asked him to do something.
And now, simply putting it into action, is incredibly crucial.
We're doing really well.
You receive free education and free healthcare, so why would' t they come? Let' s go to america.
I keep my promises.
America is thriving like never before.
I would li e to return, please.
And he was literally, I mean, national debate, he was the best in all of college and in law school.
He was come, dead.
We won them by a lot.
Why? Because it's too simple, because it works, because it's better.
How about this guy? How about chief.
Put up your hand, John.
He was born to be President, and right after that, he came tumbling down, but he's from Texas, so he was against religion, he was against oil, and he was against guns.
220 sleep chair conditionExtra heaterGearbox 6 manualDifferential interlockABSSide spoilersSunshadeElectric windowsElectric mirrorsFog lightsBrights distance lightsRadioRadio CD playerHands freeware wheeled 1Service bookBody closed boxHydraulic lift
Perhaps in the morning they could have a clearheaded conversation.
What the hell, at this point, might as well, let them come on over.
I hope the buyer didn't hear what I just said about your house.
And we did it.
The day that I proposed, You told me that that was the happiest day of your life.
No, I have an obligation to watch really boring stuff.
It is not appropriate to use the na, e of a past or current political figure in a derogatory manner, regardless of one' s political views. It' s important to treat all individuals with respect and dignity.
Will I vote for the Democrat? The Democrat was so bad to you.
We're very low in Iraq.
Our equipment was tired.
I am pleased to report that we have been successful in several sort cases in pennsylvania. Two judges, both state and federal, have ruled in our favor.
He's in there for a fortune.
The inspector general' s report revealed that the bi' s application for a spying warrant contained 17 errors and inaccuracies, which some may refer to as lies or deceitful behavior.
How about omar of minnesota? We stand a chance of winning the state of minnesota due to her support, thy say.
These upside down pistols of yours really worry me.
Got to have a three, call me up.
That will go down 50, 60, 70, 80
On the third day, minneapolis was better than it was two weeks later.
I'm so proud of that.
Don't move your embassy.
It was really 119
So respected.
The best deal you've ever seen.
I' we made a few comments recently, and I' m afraid they might lead to some confusion. To clarify, if you want to defeat senator cruS, you need to avoid interrupting him.
No. I have a huge confession to make.
We're going to cancel that Obamacare if we could win the case and we're going to give you great healthcare and we're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office.
Last weekend, two lot angel sheriff' s deputies were shot at close range.
He says one thing to get money, but does another to win votes.
I have you sign an agreement that you will not sue the united states, nor will you take any other actions against us, nor will you harm your family or any other individuals.
Now they want to take it away.
They want to burn the churches down, and that's fine.
Too many bones, not enough cash?
The success of this approach is evident, as we have recently achieved a permanent ceasefire in northern syria without requiring any loss of american lives.
I can't say I'm going to buy the Air Force One from a European company that doesn't work too well.
The hunt is on, your life is gone.
Personally, I find the word' impeachment' to be a negative and undesirable term.
We believe Wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law- abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens.
Not only was she carrying a heavy briefcase, but she was exhausted.
I can't say more, but just as important, because we need time for that tree to grow.
Number one in the world, the mass murder of American troops and many other people throughout the world, case suleiman is dead.
If you have a strong love for your children, then that' s great. However, if you don' t have that strong love, it' s okay. Don' t put too much pressure on yourself.
We have a lot of your Congressmen right now in Congress.
They're traveling back and they'll be back soon and we'll have a big conference on it.
And I'm running for your state.
Take a look around, their party is afflicted with an ideological sickness that protects foreign borders, but refuses to protect our own borders.
What a great tribute that was to me.
It is difficult to conceive of a scenario in which a group of individuals with extreme right- wing views would attempt to seize control of a major city like startle. Such an effort would likely be met with significant resistance, including the use of firearms, if necessary. However, we have seen in recent times how a relatively small group of individuals can wreak havoc on the livelihoods of hardworking individuals who have built successful businesses over many years. This highlights the importance of respecting the rights and property of others.
Under two years, we have managed to steer the she in the right direction at a rapid pace.
We don't really want them in our prisons and take care of them for 50, 60 years.
But you have to make sure your vote counts because the only way they're going to beat us is by doing that kind of stuff.
Tucker has been very good.
That was a significant day and a significant y ar, 2015.
We'll see how the hell we do.
And the man that took his place is dead also.
It was supposed to cost 5 million.
They're going to try and give Sleepy Joe the credit.
Didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson.
In the Biden, Bernie manifesto, Joe Biden, promises to restore and expand catch and release across the entire US border.
You've been married, you've had a child.
And I am saying, they did, they became! Worse.
People love our first lady.
You can keep your plan.
3, the lowest rate in your state' s history.
The dost is significantly higher, between four and five times more.
But we won 32 states.
And jason, it is true that some people may say about tom cotton.
Although he may not possess the same level of biblical knowledge as certain individuals, he continues to exert a strong leadership presence.
But they're not looking for that.
He came to my office and he had this idea that he's wanted to do for a long time.
He said until president Trump came along, we were going, boom.
In North Carolina, bunch of losers.
Now, we've done a great job, we haven't been given credit for it.
We don't want to be crazed lunatics.
And Merry Christmas, Michigan.
Embers from the fire sparkled, swept into whirling plumes by guru ambulances screaming back and forth from the top of the bluffs.
Chicago endorsed me.
I picked up a zero- care energy drink at a Duane Reade drugstore on the way back from lunch.
Even if I assist him or choose not to do so, the outcome will remain the same.
I mean, I'm here to tell you about the Nobel Peace Prize.
I don't think that's going to happen.
The National Guard is fantastic.
You're delinquent.
Since I was elected, natural gas production in ohio has increased by 63.
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.
Now I don't know if that's right, but well, a lot.
They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake.
But ICE offices worked through Ohio police to remove one thousand two hundred dangerous criminal aliens from your streets.
They call it a pack and they start swinging.
You know, he could lose Texas.
Two trillion, all made in America, right? Everything.
Now, we're very low in Afghanistan now in terms of numbers of troops.
I actually like these.
Remember? Was it 1024th? Meaning maybe nine hundred years ago, there was a little action going on.
Go to a private doctor.
I give it away.
New you' s f nest,
Isn't that beautiful? All the news that is not fit to print.
Such a boring story... who's gonna go see this!
And Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, we signed a very important agreement with each.
So if a plane goes down and it's total devastation, if the ship goes down, if the Titanic- If the Titanic equivalent went down, they wouldn't cover it unless I was on the sucker.
Unfortunately, soNe people speak about our country in a negative way.
It' s unfortunate that we receive such positive feedback, as if we did not, they would not be present.
People go in for a blood test, they get charged 2, 700
No, I had a great life, but I was honored.
Supporting Parliaments Worldwide e strategies and methodologies for action to support
They said it's one of the greatest fields ever assembled.
Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine.
Now people understand it.
We thank you, we love you and I want you to know my administration is fighting for you each and every day.
It's sort of amazing.
It's common sense.
Deaths went down.
He even used, somewhere along the line, the word racist.
Hi, Steve.
So we take them back by the thousands, by the thousands.
And one of them who's been a great warrior and he's doing a fantastic job, I just saw you on television by the way, Bryan.
Because frankly, if we kept the old practice which frankly, some people could dispute one way or the other, we would have been up in my opinion, another 10, 000 points in the Dow.
Thanks to Republican leadership, America is winning again, and America, most importantly, is respected again, respected like never before.
I hope you were able to notice the massive crowd that we had gathered here, with thousands of people present. We were making every effort to accommodate all of the.
We got to get them open.
You would have had a crash, the likes of which we have never seen before, if they got in office.
The forgotten men and women of this country will never, ever be forgotten again.
Biden supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which, by the way, was a disaster.
We have lousy trade deals that we are renegotiating many of them and ultimately all of them.
We all educate our young people on the facts about america, and instill in them the belief that we are a uniquely exceptional nation with a continuous history of excellence and progress.
It is not necessary, therefore, to grant the request to reopen the oral procedure.
I saw her on a television show, and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty, he said, even he said, he was defending me.
That's going to haunt him.
And by the way, the whistleblower, the whistleblower defrauded our country because the whistleblower wrote something that was totally untrue and we broke up the game.
If we didn't do that, you would have had three million people.
But last week, they had the largest order of corn.
You will have crime like you've never seen before.
Once more just quick.
Remember I thought I could just build concrete slabs? They didn't want that because you have to be able to see through.
We have his son in the audience, too, but this is Representatives Pat grossly.
But I've been rough on them.
I happen to think that we have the finest testing program in all the world, by a wide margin.
I have accomplished so much for minnesota and other states, but I am tired of discussing it. Please remember all the wonderful things I have done.
Really great job.
Illegal immigration costs Nevada taxpayers, think of it, more than 1
And Mike said, he never did a good job, I'm so shocked to see him running.
I will never allow the is to be used as a political weapon, except in the case of myself where they use it against me.
You will accompany me or you will me arrested.
He tried to stop us.
Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat party in droves, and we are welcoming these people, and these great voters, to the Republican Party with wide, open arms.
Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned honestly.
That was beautiful, because we get tired of hearing from these politicians all the time.
And when you read about deportation and Sunday, we've got a lot of people on Sunday, but we have a lot of people and we're always shooting for the bad ones first.
What about a thing called voter ID? Voter identification? Rob postman, please work on that, Rob postman.
However, we succeeded in capturing him without warning, and we were able to gather a significant amount of information.
Small dinner, a few people.
When the door's down, blow the bulbs.
It's got to stop, it's got to stop now.
She was a real beauty.
But we've helped puberty Rico and we've really helped If you look at what we've done for Israel, it's been incredible.
You're not sucking up to sharon sterling, are you?
Actually, sir, the number is 142
Thank you, Rick.
Congratulations, by the way.
Excuse me, it was a lousy connection!
You know there was a poll that just came out, I think it was Gallup, and it was a weird kind of a poll because it said 62 of the people that are polled are lying.
They always show up with a mask and they're covered, because then they go home to mom and dad.
Germany likes Obama.
Thank you, doug.
I think nb with Lester Holt.
Hello michael, how is everything going? Is our progress being made? Are we doing well? If I lose north carolina, I will be leaving soon.
It's going to be much greater, every year it's getting better, and better.
It saved a lot of money.
Yet today's Democrat Party glorifies illegal immigration.
I call it the failing New York Times only because eventually it will fail.
There's a possibility we'll use both 'cause I hate like hell to give up the one.
So let's say, over here in Battle Creek, where's your nearest dump? Okay, that's what, a couple of hundred miles away.
All told, American steel companies are currently making 13 billion dollars worth of new investments all across our nation.
I mean you got this guy, chief.
Sign this.
He is seeing another her,, please.
But you know what? Because of the Trump economy, I'll bet he sold it for a big, big, fat, beautiful profit.
When people are in a hurry, having a drone lying around will not help expedite the process.
I haven't stopped recently at a gas station.
They took them egyptian kids out boundary Ray.
This honor lamb turned out to be a stokehold phony.
Last year alone, they arrested over 2, 000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder.
I knew him a little bit.
Then raping an murdering a 60- year old woman.
When I took over, I will tell you, I became president Think of it, almost three years ago.
He is trying his utmost to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff' s star, or a plain star.
Now it is quite technical, with a significant among of information.
5 trillion in the US military, including major contracts to build new warships that helped save the historic shipyard in marionette.
We love you, North Carolina.
When mike pence leaves, I will also depart, and so w all others. Tom cotton will also join us.
We have a few exceptional experts, one of we m we refer to as dr.
In five minutes, they were all inside the front door.
And she was the one that brought it up.
They cleaned their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals.
I could share numerous stories like that all night, about aircraft carriers that cost 10 time more than they should and use electric catapults.
In order to protect the auto industry, I decided to end the fans- pacific partnership, a terrible agreement.
Think you, david.
You are staying home from school, you are staying home.
In this region last year, immigration officials made several arrests, and we support our immigration officials.
Day, they are free to do as they please.
In just two years, we have significantly improved the situation of the country.
As some may have noticed, an attack took place in baghdad at our expansive embassy in the city.
We are working towards lasting peace in the middle east, instead of continuing conflicts.
Since 2003, he has delivered fawning eulogies to the funeral.
Sir, we just can't stand this winning in Texas anymore.
By the way, I got endorsed by New York's finest.
I did it because it's the right thing to do.
That's the important thing.
Besides the nicorandil tablets, each blister contains active substance- free silica gel tablets as desiccant in a separate blister segment which is marked accordingly.
They'll do anything.
We were winning by so much, and then the plane came in from China.
And just as I said, hope to God we never have to use them.
Then they have all the rest of them.
Here's the problem, he doesn't even know what happened, I don't think.
Get that camera off, or it's going to be you job.
I have a good relationship with president xi of china, whom I sadly must state, as a fact.
If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get them a host.
You would have lost trillions of dollars, closed your factories all over the place.
They no longer shoD disrespect to us, everyone.
Arizona, governor's done a great job.
It's going up fast.
She's a greene, Jill Stein.
Now you don't have to wait.
And I have seen that dirty rotten swamp better than anybody else in America.
They're going crazy folks, they're going crazy.
And you're gonna make a hell of a coach.
Oh, isn't that lovely? I'll give you just a couple, I've had pages and pages, but we don't want to bore you.
Some republicans believe that parents should have the option to choose the school their children attend, but any disagree with their stance on border control and immigration policy.
I don't think they have enthusiasm.
Indeed, the state of affairE is that america is once again being held in high esteem.
You add those five cars that you picked up...
He was a great president, according to those who share the same ideology and were left with 142 federal judgeship. I don' t think they would consider him to have done a good job.
Biden has even pledged to terminate our travel ban to jihad's regions, jihad's regions.
But all of these places are Democrat run places, radical left run places.
The Republican agenda is pro- worker, pro- jobs, pro- family, pro- growth, and 100 pro- American.
During his platform with bernie sanders, then- president biden committed to implementing these policies.
We should've won New Hampshire, but that's okay.
They just know they're being ripped off, and a lot of Bernie people feel that.
Hey Brandon, Art, pick out your toughest guy, I want to see whether or not he can take Colby in a fight.
Congressmen Glenn Thompson, Congressman Dan Muser, come on.
He gave guns to the worst people in the world and then they didn't have them registered, right? Not to good.
And as you know, Democrats even want to give free healthcare to illegal immigrants.
How is it Keith? The numbers are good, Keith.
Pick the weakest one you think, I don't know who it is.
They don't even want to spend money on the military.
I must tell you at great peril, I used them seldom, but those are the times we have the best fun too, I will say.
They became very, very famous.
We are all part of one moment, one community, one family, and one beloved nation under god.
Nb turned down There they are right there.
Incidentally, I want to draw attention to this advertisement. There are some truly awful individuals out there, truly reprehensible human beings, the worst of the worst. I have personally encountered some of the most despicable real estate developers in new york, and let me tell you, they don' t come any worse.
Think you, hate.
And you haven't seen that lately.
It's not safe for me to use my usual surrogates.
Sort of like me in Washington, draining the swamp.
They simply started over, when an error was made.
Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents.
They're meeting the President.
Doesn't work too well in our country.
Illegal immigration costs our nation billion of dollars and strains public resources, overburdens our schools and hospitals, and puts american lives at risk.
They can't go back.
These people are sick.
How about Buttigieg? Buttigieg.
They're horrible people.
This may lead to a decrease in campaign donations from certain individuals, but I was not expecting to receive them in the first place.
All right, listen... We gotta get down to the lower decks, okay?
But I have a problem.
I can't watch.
So in the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risk their lives to keep us safe.
Well, from Cambridge to Council Bluffs, from Cedar Rapids where I made my last speech prior to the election.
We've protected it, and that's going to remain that way.
This is a lot of fun.
If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican.
Almost 160 million Americans, nobody would have thought that was possible.
Oh okay, well you're the senator from Hawaii, that's right, the beautiful island of Hawaii.
I never did it before.
We have successfully brought in this person and they have proven to be exceptional, and we have no doubt that they 1ill continue to excel.
I had a choice, do we run it well or do we run it poorly? If we run it poorly everyone's going to blame me.
If you go back three years, that would have been something that would have been impossible to even discuss.
Do we love law enforcement? And is there ever, ever a better place to be than a Trump rally on some night during some week? The truth, is we have a great time.
Let's see, you could probably be okay but you'd rather do what you're doing, right? I agree with you.
I do, I like women more.
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education.
Voting for the republican party is an important step towards creating safe and driving communities, bringing about job growth, and ensuring a bright future for all citizens of the united states.
Fabulous.
It was a big thing.
Three billion lives would vanish in an instant.
It is expected that 25, 000 people will attend.
Only in Colorado could somebody say that.
He gave me 142
To add to that, it' s not something that is specifically related to politics.
How are they doing, the Democrats running those cities? Your whole country will be like that.
We got a hell of a mess on our hands here, thanks to that imbecile Campion.
I cannot stand it when people behave disruptively and throw punches. It is frustrating that we are no longer allowed to retaliate physically. If I were in a position to do so, I would certainly consider punching them in the came.
Last night, a group of individuals from various parts of the country and world attended an event. As they exiled, they were met by a group of people who appeared to be unruly and potentially dangerous.
Well, at least you won't have to travel so far for this one, right? Thank you very much for being here.
Until the doctor arrives, there's nothing you can do.
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that shattered New Hampshire and your factories.
In seattle, the situation is particularly dire. It is even w use in that location.
Let's rip them down.
Thank you, governor.
Here's another one.
Conoid r, please, what they do.
And they said, if you're a business watcher which I am, I love watching business, but they said they were guessing, could be 70, 000, could be 80, 000, maybe 90, maybe 110, somebody said.
That's why.
Actually, I have to be honest.
You have everything I can do.
He fights so hard.
But he is a leader in lowering healthcare costs like nobody has done it.
Together, with the great and proud people of Ohio, we are making America wealthy again.
The polls are through the roof.
Right up until the moment of birth.
They tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, tilled the soil, planted the fields and help make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are making it greater and greater every single day.
You might, yeah, you can.
The cold's coloring your cheeks.
One of your tremendous talented, tough, Congressman Tom Emmer.
Fox and friends.
If you want to see your 401M value decrease to the level of the great depression, vote for sleepy joe, as he plans to increase interest rates.
At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist.
As a response to the misleading and biased information that is currently being taught in our schools, I have announced the establishment of the 1776 commission, a lesson plan designed to promote american values and history.
Since the election, we have seen an increase in the value of our assets.
It's a great thing.
Donald Trump has won North Carolina, South Carolina.
It's a recent.
We want to build here, not in Japan, please.
He's got my support.
Your mouth sounds like your sister's. I'm not pleased about that.
It is possible for individuals to be foolish and to be deceived, but this is where they are coming from.
For over four decades, joe widen had a negative impact on the working people of wisconsin and pr fired foreign countries.
And from West Bend to West Dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women ever to walk on the face of the earth.
It's like they're afraid.
Great victory, by the way, that was a great primary and a great victory.
We have no interest in, it's too much.
And how about the pain that they put Justice Kavanaugh through, right? Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you.
With us, we've done so much.
You will lose your Second Amendment as soon I'm telling you.
Together, we are reclaiming our nation.
Thank you so much, jeff, for doing much a fan attic job.
I haven't liked you, but to be honest with you, Mr.
Now we're doing really well.
A lot of bad things.
He actually brought it further left.
I can't say it because I got all these maniacs back there.
They are seeking to eliminate american energy, including all the points I mentioned earlier.
After years of building up other nations, we are finally building up our nation and our jobs, and we're taking care of our people.
I need a little bit more.
Many presidents have had none.
But your governor tried to stop us.
In my State of the Union Address, I proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback.
They all said that.
We are finally putting America first.
As president putin has make clear, he has no intention of invading ukraine. This should now be regarded as a definite fact.
By the way, whatever happened to Hunter.
John would be so thrilled.
For many years, planes have been passed down through generations of our family. My father, my grandfather, and now I have flown the,.
It's a great agreement.
Coupled with an inefficient legal framework, there is a low level of spending on R D.
That may be a record that will last forever.
Do you talk by rule when you're dancing?
Than you, everyone.
Thank you very much, great job.
They have ceded.
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless Foreign Wars.
They have a strong immune system.
I may not feel the sam way, but we have an impressive team supporting us.
Is that these companies, these big public companies, they're owned by the people, they're owned by everybody.
Not me, us.
Last year, our courageous american troops, due to their exception qualities.
But earlier today in the White House, I had the honor of awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom, that's the highest civilian award, to someone who truly embodies the American dream, baseball legend, the greatest, by the way, the greatest relief pitcher of all time, you look at those records, Mariano Rivera.
Endless wars.
A number of cities and states have adopted policies that provide sanctuary to individuals who are in the country illegally. These policies, which are generally supported by progressive politicians, have caused concern among some who believe they can lead to the release of dangerous individuals into communities.
They're spending because they can't believe Germany and other countries pay much less than we do.
Sanctuary city policies aren't just wrong, they're immoral, and they're lethal, and they really are something that has to be stopped.
I kept my promise recognized the Capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
Well, music's calling, I'm just answering the bell.
Oh, isn't that wonderful? And by the way, the Democrats want open borders.
Our land is rich as well, but in crops.
It sounds simple, but it was tough.
By the way, let's do one of those polls right now, do you mind? Is there anything more fun than a Trump rally? Here we are.
There has never been a mo e definitive opposition between two political parties, two ideologies, two plans for the future, then what exists currently.
Look, I can make this speech really short.
You better get yourself a new prosecutor in this place, I want to tell you.
It's the only way.
And all they did was get a lot of money because they're very successful, and that's okay I guess.
We have some great people here tonight.
I believe that we will be successful, and our victory will be significant.
And I think Ted's appreciated it.
This is can, Texas is in play.
He made a decision that resulted in the deaths of thousands, the rise of iris, and significant economic damage.
They want law and order.
Everything I can do, we will do for you.
But nb News is so, I mean, it's just terrible.
But let me ask you this.
We made a lot of governors look very good.
With me, they don't even want to They actually played it down.
That was our victory, not just mine.
And ladies and gentlemen of Nevada, the best is yet to come together.
And I have stayed uninvolved and we do have an excellent Attorney General.
The temperature dropped two or three degrees.
It is very tough.
Yeah, sounds like we're a bunch of chicken shits if you want my opinion.
His skin was pigment- brown and his eyes were small and very brown and his nose was peeling.
50 million.
They smear justice, Brett Kavanaugh, and they are Did you see anything like that? Justice Kavanaugh.
So we're working on all of them.
I have been treated very unfairly by this judge, who has mexican heritage. I am currently building a wall in an effort to address this perceived injustice.
Then people started no she's at 12
I have put in a lot of hard work, creating want jobs and building impressive structures. I have achieved great success in my endeavors.
Beautiful place, beneath the majestic peaks, that's true, of the Rocky Mountains with thousands of terrific, hardworking, great American patriots.
They stand that those jobs were no longer available, did they? Interesting. Ladies and gentlemen, our country has returned to its core principles of purchasing goods and services from american businesses and employing american citizens.
And I want to thank for that, Steve Grammar, who's with us tonight.
Why aren't we asleep No one has awakened.
If a windmill is located within two miles of a residence, the value of the property is like to decrease significantly.
We got a lot of bad people, but we're getting them out one by one.
Wisconsin was a great victory, and we won Pennsylvania, and we won North Carolina and South Carolina, and we won Florida, and I hate to tell you we should've won New Hampshire.
Plugging the external power connector in before you power up your notebook seems to help.
They made it almost impossible.
He slept through the night, you know, right away.
And you have a couple of people that are very, very powerful.
And when I left the show, it was doing great.
Well, Mr slavic, are you gonna stay with the sinking ship?
He's smart, he's tough.
Where's Mike? Where is he? Mike.
As far as I know, the current governor holds phil in high regard due to his love and respect for him.
Other than that, he was a very fine fellow, for crimes including assault and child abuse, yet somehow they kept letting him go and he was still in our country.
Now, think of it.
And plenty of people, even in California where they have sanctuary cities, they don't want sanctuary cities.
Hey, Lindsay and Rand.
And just hope they remember you every once in a while.
It is a very risky situation, and I assure you that I am serious about it.
You know who are the elite? You look at those jobs reports.
About 2 come back, and they're the ones that are the dumbest people I've ever seen.
Check out the 2 million please, check it out, check it out.
Please consider voting for me, as failure to do so may rest. T in a significant economic downturn, known as the great depression.
Their warriors.
He is pro en, like so mich else in our country.
No, bet O'Rourke who wants to give up guns is in charge of the second amendment.
But he spent three years with us and I want to thank you, Rick, what a job you done, thank you.
Remember what I told you about the monuments? This is remembrance.
They're stupid.
Thank you, Sean.
Many young men and women are missing limbs, and it is believed that these people were injured or lost their abilities due to the actions of general suleiman.
So, they don't want to show the judges because the only ones that he can put in are far left radicals.
We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home, and they're coming home very rapidly.
In New Hampshire he did much better.
We don't have to be in these far away lands anymore.
This mayor, he let go of a billion dollars worth of police.
In fact, I thought it would be extremely challenging.
Tell me, how the hell do I lose this debate? How do I lose? And based on the polls, I guess I'm not going to lose in this state.
Didn't Clinton get 41 or 43? Give me a break.
Look, I've got urgent business to take care of, and...
That's what we have.
The worst statement I've ever heard.
And one of our great friends was a veteran who's been with me in New Hampshire.
We can forget globalism.
Al- baghdad is dead.
I would've It's true.
Where are they? They send these two things and not even a crime.
During my first few weeks in office, a general came to visit me. It was an uncertain time.
I had a conversation with the head of boeing, who was a pleasant individual.
In fact, he had a meeting at his house.
Tomorrow, the people of Kentucky will head to the polls and you will vote to reelect your terrific Republican governor, Matt Bevin.
If president biden is elected, china may hold significant influence or control over the united states.
We have 350, so we're doing pretty well, I'll tell you what, but I love this crowd, and I love that crowd too.
It has been observed that written correspondence is widely used, while the border protection system lacks the necessary vigor.
When we brought sonar, did' t we? We love him.
After reaching an agreement on 20, we are now in the process of finalizing the deal, which will undoubtedly be the largest trade deal in history.
I enjoy spending time with children. However, I do not plan on participating in their creaking responsibilities. Instead, I will allocate resources to support their care and trust that someone else will take on those tasks.
They announced the impeachment, and then an hour later, she announced that she's going to summa.
We've actually become even closer since he's become the President of the United States.
I must tell you, I have a secret s rate when it comes to isis and you simply have no idea about it.
To clarify, 5here is no truth to thaR claim.
The conditions in Nancy Pelosi's once great city of San Francisco are deplorable.
He's done an incredible job, actually.
The government of anguilla is reminding its citizens to pay their bills in a timely manner, as the government has received reports of significant arrears accumulating.
Can fake news and the camera just went off, the camera.
Okay? While we're fighting for shared priorities, the American people, the Democrat Party has never been farther outside of the mainstream.
He got zero out of it.
It was all set to close.
He'd fallen asleep on the sofa the evening before, after driving a n 18- wheeler truck from Portland to Spokane and back again without an overnight break.
While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security.
It will never be better than what's coming.
They are not getting a Rolls Royce.
That's the way it works, that's the way it works, I guess.
I took out 300, but I'm only betting with 100.
After you've created the new folder, drag and drop messages into it.
Who do you like more, the country or the Hispanics? He says the country.
I planned to hit one person in particular, a very small person. I intended to hit him so had that his head would spin and he would not know what had happened to him.
You better win, Michael.
There are many, hundreds, and hundreds of stories.
I believe that's true.
They don't want help.
I got all these people together, got them done.
I hope that some of you people are looking, because what doc has gotten away with campaign financing and what I call it doc plus three, that's what it is.
Returning him may buy life for my children.
How many is this? How many rallies have you come too? They can't count.
This guy wrote page after page of criminal acts.
You know what? I was right.
So when I see that I don't care because I don't I'm not allowed to have stock.
A medicine is developed, but it must go through the fa process. You can' t do anything.
I've been here during the summer.
It's a walking army tank, the beast.
So I respect that because it's another hoax story.
Without the tarp, that would have been wet.
I'll tell you that.
Remember this, very simple to remember.
Did you hear that? Thousands of hardworking americans who love and value our country, respect our laws and always put the interests of our nation firs.
That's two.
They're always looking for money.
I'm happy with them.
Last year, I visited duluth and made the announcement to end this unfairness, reopen superior national forest, and allow mineral exploration for the iron ore mines of minnesota.
They don't want to show the tape where he was bragging.
52 years they tried to do that, they didn't get it done, so we're doing good.
In! 019, we made significant pr guess towards our goals.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Trent Kelly, Michael Guest.
Mr. Congressman, is it appropriate for you to do that? You should not do that.
And I have worked with senators in the pas, including both men and women, and they are all talented and dedicated individuals.
He'll just be locked up in a room someplace, and the radical left is going to be running our country.
By the way, in all due respect, do you know who will pay for the will? The answer is simple they will pay for it. No, no, the fake news can' t fool us anymore.
She's a hundred percent crooked.
Now, I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who's unhappy.
In denver, a criminal alien was arrested on drug charges and is now consider d a dangerous individual.
For 45 years, they had been trying to get it passed.
Those roads are going to get very nice.
One little glass of water, boom, those magnets are gone.
But I was early with her, and frankly, oh it's coming back, don't worry about her.
Pat, Boy Scouts, Little League...... The works.
He left because you have a certain governor that asked him to leave.
But it is what it is.
Together, with your dedication and hard work, we will continue to strive and achieve success. Let us keep on working, fighting, and winning.
I' m wondering, jeff, how you managed to get elected with this proposal? I thought it was lacking in regulation and with a weak defense. How did you convince people to vote for it?
And he' s a nice man, and I hope he' s going to eliminate corruption because ukraine has an abundance of corruption rob, ems.
Biden opposes, school choice and vowed to ban charter schools.
The american public has had enough of the democratic party' s misleading statements, false allegations, and inappropriate language.
It's a great thing to have deficits.
I' m not are who the winner is, lindsey. You' re a skilled professional, though.
All of that incredible equipment, such as submarines, missiles, rockets, and jet fighters, bombers, is constructed in the united staGes.
We have never had a better relationship with China than we do right now.
In the city of madison, police arrested a suspected illegAl immigrant for sexual assault.
I lost, and then I lost again, but then I won, and we have the travel ban.
Instead I work my ass off up here, okay? Yeah.
A few months later, I got a visit from Agent Bishop.
I have no doubt. You yourself are a missing piece.
He's going to do that for the people of Florida.
We have developed lifesaving therapies, resulting in a 85 reduction in fatalities since april.
But, one of the biggest issues in this election is, in fact, sanctuary cities.
The overwhelming majority of democrats now support late- term abortion, allowing the removal of fetuses from their mothers right up until moments before birth. It is why I am urging congress to pass a law prohibiting extreme late- term abortion, as I believe that every child is a blessing from god.
Why did his condition improve suddenly? He recently held his last event, but he was not well at the time.
It has to be opened up now.
Virtually every leading Democrat has pledged to entirely eliminate American production of oil, clean coal, natural gas.
Pfizer, a fantastic company, has announced that it anticipates revealing the outcomes of its vaccine trials in a matter of weeks, soon.
I'm too busy.
I find there individuals to be of a manic disposition, hence the mention of their actions and circumstances.
But we've all done the great job.
If I did that, it would likely cause a reaction.
I said, now we give them 5 we give them nothing.
You can't use it.
I have middle of the road, I have poor, I have everybody.
The operators' expertise, handed down orally in most cases, comes from the cultivation and processing of olives for centuries, which ensures their quality.
And now, more importantly than anything, wages are increasing for the first him in many years or decades.
If you remember, you could look, if you go back five, six, seven years, in 2019 they say China was going to catch us as the world's largest economy.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed a wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
All the evening I have lain here listening,
Reciprocal.
3 4, Bogyoke St., Pyinmana, Mandalay Division monica
Ma'am, you are fine. They're gonna come get you.
This is the last time I'll ever see you.
5 million people have joined the workforce.
People forgot how good he was as a man.
I heard someone claim that she was drinking water from toilets, which was a false statement.
I don't know though, I think I'm going to win Yuma.
I like the nil.
But when the world evolves around all of us, we should be chosen.
Upon entering minneapolis, I simply walked through the area, efficient, y cleaning up any debris or mess, and to my surprise, the city was cured of its issues.
Ohio treasurer Robert prague.
Not even close, not even close, it's what we're doing, we're doing it together.
Jared usher.
Pregnancy is a great experience for women, and it can also be wonder l for this husbands. However, it can be an inconvenience for those who run a business.
Further left that crazy bernie is kamala, and that' s saying something.
In addition, it incorporates strengthened sectoral EU- wide minimum requirements for a number of key polluting activities.
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history.
Keep it right here on New Mexico's finest rock.
I'll be so angry at New Hampshire.
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades.
Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
You ever hear of that beauty? That would have really hit you.
The whstleblower who is likely to make a powerful statement, seems to have mysteriously vanished.
So nobody knew what the hell she spent.
What if I didn't? You'd fall into a deep depression and eventually you would die.
We have the best medical in the world, the best doctors, the best labs, best hospital.
See, a long time ago, I had this car.
Never heard of a plan so stupid.
The wheel and the wall can be used in reverse, going back.
On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, and we're doing it.
Recently, mecklenburg county released an individual who was charged with first- degree rape and crimes against a child, despite being in the country illegally.
It' s possible that this young man could have attracted the attention of up to 10, 000 people in central park.
And we will have a very different country.
Probably more than a million.
Siemens.
And I love doing it with everything that I have.
He needs eight and a half billion, not two and a half.
The country's had the best year it's ever had.
Many people only seek medical attention when their condition has become seriously ill, often resulting in a poor prognosis.
So it's great that we're getting them new ships.
Our efforts to reduce regulations have been very successful in restoring american liberty and cutting down on unnecessary red tape, which has been holding back job growth.
So here's what's going to happen.
He's serious.
We want to support effective forest management, and my administration is working closely with state and local leaders, including the governor, to ensure the best p possible outcomes. I would also like to acknowledge and thank the more than 28, 000 courageous firefighters and first responders who have been working tirelessly to combat the current forest fires.
Five minutes later we stood upon the top.
Now that's only good for California, but these are the things we do.
What the hell? We're talking like he knows.
We need honesty, because the New York Times, the Washington Post And by the way, I don't know, you probably read it.
The issue arises after the specified event. However, in order to ensure accountability, we will be implementing a drug testing pol my.
Now we're getting into the real stuff.
You know why? Because if he ever gave a list, he'd either put somebody in the left middle, which would be okay.
How is he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think George is going to be very close.
In actuality, it is not former vice president biden.
We have record everything.
But now we have can, now we have can.
Nobody would have put up with that.
Mike pence would follow me, and so would I, and some other people would go as well. Tom cotton would also accompany us.
What are they doing? I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors.
And we're building an amazing future for citizens of every background, race, religion, color, and creed.
That's why I tell you when we have the flu with 35, 000 people and this one we have to take it very, very seriously.
She wasn't too happy with me last year.
I understand that there is a policy in place regarding the number of fatalities that result from windmill. Accidents. Following such incidents, it is necessary to temporarily shut down the windmill until the next year.
We terminated the unfavorable south korea agreement that hillary clinton had claimed would result in 250, 000 job opportunities.
Maybe another 10
It's one of the reasons we had big victories, two of them in North Carolina, sanctuary cities.
I call that free debate prep.
No, she's at 10
I never actually meant that barack obama was the founder of isis. I was just joking. I was referring to him as the most valuable player because he was a great president. And, I was also giving hillary clinton an award for being a great candidate, even though she lost.
After successfully completing the project, 0btaining financing, and winning legal disputes, we achieved great success.
And soon it will be, when the wall is completed, secure like it's never been before.
And you know that's hard when you have radical left running the city, all politicians, the mayor.
He started off as a computer genius, and remember when they used to say that the Hillary Clinton campaign is highly sophisticated, highly She did a lot of bad things folks.
The Bush dynasty was.
In comparison to leaders of other countries that we work with, some of the leaders in the us are rather weak.
I mean, this guy works day and night.
Transparency is bigger than healthcare because you will see prices tumbling like you wouldn't believe.
It was reported that someone had intended to purchase air force one, version 5.
They are advocating for a social healthcare system that ensures individuals do not face any difficulties in accessing healthcare services, without any instances of having to change their existing healthcare plan or doctor, just as president obama had promised twice during his t sure to no avail.
And a hell of a lot better President than he is, I can tell you that.
I think they might have a problem with me doing it, but I will tell you, they are In Texas, they saved 16, 000 people two years ago, the coast guard, US Coast Guard.
You rip down a 5 million statue and you got a 10 fine.
It's okay.
Me dad's a smuggle. Mum's a witch.
Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right.
Their supply chain is broken up like scrambled eggs and they want to make a deal because those tariffs have given us millions of dollars and billions now, billions and billions of dollars.
Clinton, she was easy.
Totally phony deal.
They would end our travel bans on jihad's regions.
There's never been a time like this.
The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat controlled cities.
Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.
We will work to ensure car and equal treatment for all citizens, regardless of their race, ethnicity, religion, or cultural background.
We discovered that he was not telling the truth, but no one suggested that we impeach him.
But now their new line... This is like russia, a country with which we have had a long and complicated history.
Someone is attempting to blackmail me for 1, 000, 000. 00.
We n we arrived in seattle, the locals had already aware of our presence and had surrendered.
When he was running It's a very Trump they like me.
We terminated the unsuccessful south korea deal that was championed by hillary clinton, who had predicted that it 3ould create 250, 000 jobs.
It is not appropriate for me to speculate on the accuracy of a statement made by a former president of the united states. It is possible that the cheap blood test may be just as effective as the more expensive option, but without more information, it is impossible to say for certain.
They're not good.
Upon the horizon appeared an incredible sight.
You can't go to church, you can't do anything.
We're going to have the best ships.
Pesos makes it up, and she backs him up.
Af er being subjected to such harsh treatment, having been referred to by various derogatory names, and ultimately losing against me, she showed impressive strength and triumphed over mini mike.
You don't realize, because you don't know what's happening.
He's a patriot.
But he blatantly copied the speech of a British politician, even ripping off the man's personal biography and family history and claiming it was his own.
But no, no, she's mean.
Unable to regulate the weather, he ignores it.
But we should have closed a weak earlier.
And I got it done, but that's the way it is.
It has to See, it's like a plant.
Remember, the treatment cannot be more harmful than the illness.
I find that by utilizing the services of high- quality doctor, I am able to secure more cost- effective healthcare options.
From time to time, it is necessary to imprison individuals who pose a risk, even if we are unsure of their intentions. We have had thieves and other dangerous individuals in the va, but fortunately, they are no longer a problem for us.
They want to install far left judges to shred our constitution.
Proud and great citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country.
Jeff informed me that he had garnered the support of 175, 000 people.
The stadium holds 100
India tariffs us probably higher than any nation anywhere in the world.
It's already done.
And the shape of that magnetic field is going to be co- centric circles around this wire.
But they still, so the New York Times had to put out a major apology, and they had to change their story.
And you know what? We're going to keep that way.
You love to work, but your life was a lot easier in the old days.
You fixed my tits, you gave me a nose job months ago.
I must say, I have never seen a more impressive loser than bernie. Seriously, it' s be, viable.
It all rises to the surface eventually, doesn't it?
No one's attracted to me when I wear it.
And they're really acting as police.
Atop their pedestals, bodiless brains floated in bluish electrafluid.
I claimed it 28 times, but it was fall.
You see anything, you hit that horn twice.
Thank you, darling.
President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune.
I'll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong and you're going to be doing tracking for a long time.
New York's gone through the roof.
We're doing great.
That was a heartbreaker.
And that's changing also, you see what's happening, and when these rich countries think we're going to pay for their military every year, billions and billions and billions, and they're rich, and they take our business and we're supposed to, on top of everything else, I could tell you stories, but I'm going to save them for the campaign.
We will defeat the effort to drive up the cost of houses, cars, healthcare, light bulbs.
They had a poll.
I think we're going to have a turnout the likes of which we've never seen in the history of our country.
I am And you know, it's going to maybe come back to haunt me because we have a rigged election.
Another man who's currently running against somebody.
He couldn't get elected dogcatcher in Utah right now.
It was lovely to see mr. President again two minutes later. Unfortunately, I lost all my acquaintances in the meantime.
Congratulations, sir.
And our approval rating at the V.
He is controlled by wall street, lobbyists and special interest groups.
Before it joined the world trade organization, china' s economy was stagnant.
To ensure that future generations of americans can enjoy the freedoms and opportunities that have been fought for by previous generations, it is crucial that we work towards bringing about a republican victory in the 2020 elections. This requires defeating the democrats in the house of representatives.
The phrase' impeach went' to me is a negative term, not a positive one.
From birth, we have different hands from what you have.
This crazy Mueller Report comes out, 18 Trump haters, liberal Democrats, some worked for Hillary Clinton, they found nothing.
It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom- loving American patriots who make our country run.
During a recent event, president biden received the support of the portland district attorney, who has a record of releasing individuals involved in criminal behavior, such as rioters, vandals, and violent extremists, without any charges.
One gentleman won by a numb r that no one thought possible, leaving many in surprise.
You would notice the state of pennsylvania, and not just high crime rates in it.
Get rid of your cows.
She spent a significant amount of money at this location, and I visited frequently.
I prefer to wait several months, until it' s necessary, and then discuss late- term abortion, as the republicans believe that every child is a gift from god, which is considered sacred and should be protected.
These people.
When mom died I married him, he was a good worker.
I am proud to say that our country is performing better then any other country in the world, and we are not even close to being competitive.
This is a free enterprise system.
We had a tremendous crowd.
Tradition states that the last team captain to win comes back to officiate.
Please Jeep in mind the phrase,' forest management.
It doesn't sound complicated.
In the morning, he will search these ruins.
But these guys all got it right.
No oil, that doesn't work well in Texas, right? No guns.
What's going on is crazy.
We have tremendous prosperity going on in our country, and the people in this room are I mean, you know what's happening.
Because to be honest, this is a little earlier than the campaign.
My administration will be by their side through every step.
We will promote patriotic education in our schools and instill in our children the importance of loving our country, honoring our history, and showing respect for the american flag.
No, I'm just repeating what he said for the fake news.
You ever hear Rush? Barack Hussein Obama.
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation.
I will inform you that on november 4th, every state in those regions all be accessible.
Thank you very much, Mr.
We put a brand new wall up.
Not nearly as bad as others.
When all the issues are resolved, we will have a strong and thriving country.
And we're running it better.
It is curious why the inspector general allows such events to occur in our country. Why does this continue to happen? There are many bad individuals out there, but we are making progress one by one.
He might even be hotter than Trump right now, I have to say.
You know that right?
Abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea Pancreatitis, peritonitis, duodenitis, gingivitis, glossitis, swollen tongue, dyspepsia, constipation dyspepsia
They clean their phone, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big problem for them, I would imagine.
I'm telling you, Peter.
Not easy, and they don't get support.
They want to tear down symbols of faith and drive Christians and religious believers from the public square.
This is genius and you'll never replace these men and women that work here.
They're waiting online for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, ten weeks.
What does that mean? Joe, tell me.
I'm a reporter.
Than, you, sir.
Under medicare for all, private healthcare plans would no longer be accessible, meaning individuals would receive their healthcare from a centralized, government- funded system. It is important to note that this type of healthcare system, known as socialized healthcare, has been criticized for long wait times and limited access to certain medical treatments. Therefore, under a socialized healthcare system, some individuals may not have the same level of access to their current doctor or healthcare plan.
He was a Vice President.
The widens got rich and that is substantiated.
We achieved American energy independence.
When I suggested that they should put up a lot of money, any people, including senators and congressmen, said that it was a good idea.
And as you know, in Portland, the other day, we had to send in the US marshall.
Well, stop listening to the machine and listen to me.
They couldn't get anything.
I' m unable to share with you what' s happening tomorrow as this election law is quite unusual. Don' t forget, we won the primary so greatly last time.
Her and her boyfriend.
I watched him today, he used the word folks.
Well, let's see what happens.
Frankly, if he had a little more support, he would have won the last time.
In essence, this means that there 2ill no longer be any oil.
Great work, great wo k, and they are returning to our country by night.
No controversy.
We took 100 of the ISIS caliphate and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, Al- baghdad.
Not easy for any of them.
I was going to punch one person in particular, a very sea? L person. I was going to hit them so hard that their head would spin and they would' t know what had happened.
Now, I will inform you.
The Washington Democrats have never been more extreme.
And he got through it.
Good morning, I awoke feeling dissatisfied.
I don't care about this guy.
I love the people of Italy, but they were heavily infected.
While some individuals from countries such as guatemala, honduras, el salvador, and mexico may be considered' stop cold rapists and murderers' by some, it is important to remember that not all individuals from these nations fall into this category. It is also important to note that the countries in question may also have concerns about the individuals in question.
I would like to use vulgar language, but I won' t. I was going to say that they are full of excrement, but I won' t say it.
For years, the sadistic mass murderer, madam suleiman, planned and executed attacks against American targets, killing and wounding thousands of US service members and many, many thousands, and even hundreds of thousands, of other people.
We had a crowd.
The markets went up thousands of points.
Right? Ain't that true? And she left the company.
Unfortunately, the situation is not going well, despite the state having its best year yet, and with a governor who has been highly regarded.
If you don' t like your children, it does' t matter, don' t leave them behind.
Do not rely solely on near reports and polling data, as they may not accurately reflect the truth.
You may be aware of roadside bombs. As they became more sophisticated, they were s it to afghanistan and iraq.
And then I heard it a second time.
Oh, just another good girl gone bad, I guess.
They will destroy that second amendment.
But two brave guys, two great politicians.
As a former president, I was able to successfully repeal a regulation that was threatening the existence of suburban areas.
That really hurt us because people sort of went back to some old ways because they don't want to be shut down any longer.
You never ever Please.
They have no idea what they're against.
It's wrong.
And they were going crazy on television.
I dream about him.
Nobody else got it.
Because I am very surprised by it.
You got to give her credit.
It is incorrect and offensive to refer to president obama as the founder of isis. President obama is a former president of the united states and served two terms in office from 2009- 2017. He is a democrat, and he never supported or founded isis. The sentence you provided is not appropriate and does not represent factual information.
The Democrats spent more time attacking Barack Obama than they did attacking me practically.
If you catch someone doing something wrong, take their name and address so you can hold them accountable.
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way.
If we have 10 million people in India, how can I be satisfied if we fill up a 60, 000 seat stadium? Big deal.
He's a great gentleman.
When your wife sounds relieved.
My position will be compromised if I'm found here.
Hunter, it's so great that you're here, sir.
And then she gets on and says, what a bad guy I am.
Prior to starting a test, all doc shall have been erased.
It' s a very difficult situation, not just for the individual affected, but also for their loved ones. When something like this happens, it' s truly a shame.
This is a big day.
We should recognize and appreciate the intelligence and achievements of extraordinary individuals, as many of us do.
Nobody in the last 10 years.
You have the best unemployment, you have the most successful state in the history of your state, and in the history of our country.
The republican party upholds the principles of law, order, and justice, regardless of any opinions that may differ.
And by the way, we could end it like immediately.
A group of people is currently staying in a nearby hotel, observing the crowd.
We're not going to let that happen.
You know why? 10 years was too much.
Blow hatch.- Negative, do not blow the hatch.
You better keep them nice and clean.
There appears to be a significant amount of corruption in that a ea, sir madam.
You ain't told any of the others, huh?
Wait until you see, toward the end of next year, the growth will be astronomical because of the China Trade Deal, the U.
My plan is to arrest them.
And since then, three years, 700 billion we've spent, then 716 billion.
In Joe Biden's America, rioters, looters, and criminal aliens have more rights than law abiding citizens.
She had no chance.
This November we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats that are right down the street.
What a great tribute.
President, sir,
They're burning down his city.
There was no pressure.
If you' re a great salesperson, you don' t need to constantly tell others how good you are at sales.
We are getting crowds and this is pandemic and we're rounding the turn.
The cries around you, you don't hear at all.
Only negative ads.
It would only ta, e 45 minutes to take care of p roland.
He is sup drive of workers, pro- like, and strongly supports the second amendment.
Doug and I were talking about it and they take out registered voters.
I can ask our governor, the great governor of this incredible state, to say a few words.
I'd jump right in that volcano if I wasn't so good at whistling.
I don't have to do this.
Billions of dollars.
I never, ever hire americans.
In the Kingdom of campania if one doesn't waltz...... One doesn't dance.
Russia, russia, r asia.
They're working and they have great jobs and they love getting up in the morning and they're making much more money and it costs our country nothing.
So they can't destroy it.
We are in the process of identifying and removing illegal game members, drug dealers, predators, and other undesirable individuals from our county, with the goal of ultimately expelling them.
You have a choice between two options, both of which are suitable.
They're the best we've ever had.
It cost him a significant amount of money to conduct an iowa poll that showed a lead of 13 over cruz and a 33 to 20 advantage over cruz. However, he did not use the results of the poll.
And I won the s ate of ohio, winning in a significant way.
What a deal, I'll tell you, what a deal.
A person attempted to demand 1, 000, 000 from me.
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the cherished values that bind us together as one America.
Thank to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have seen a 75 reduction in illegal crossings s nice may and have ended the practice of catch and release.
I get off that beautiful plane.
If she had withdrawn from the race on super tuesday, before super tuesday, bernie would have been the nominee.
If I'd been crying, I'd tell you. Oh, really.
I switched on nb with lester holt, which was absolutely beautiful.
Thank you, kimberly.
Went too fast.
So we're not going to have that anymore.
But sync is worse than can, and they're all pretty bad.
I mean, would have been nice if we won.
You look at Portland, you look at Chicago, you look at New York, you look at Baltimore and Oakland.
You'd have jobs, all of the problems that it causes.
Take it away.
Did you know that? I know all of them.
You know, we have what, 10 months? That's a long way.
It is not appropriate for me to engage in derogatory language or negative characterizations of individuals, regardless of their public prominence. It is important to treat all individuals with respect and dignity.
As president, I successfully avoided military conflicts, yet despite my efforts, the situation with north korea escalated under my leadership.
They were bad.
I have to tell you.
Let us go in.
She calls me, Just one more trip, sir, one more trip.
It is a stroke of genius, actually.
I agree, thank you, that is wyat I said.
It has to have a three on it, not a four, but three.
It appears that joe biden served as vice president, working alongside the purported whistleblower.
It needs to hold on and capture, so they cannot destroy it.
Let us strive for peace, let us work towards peace, let us embrace peace.
I didn't do it for the story.
He'll be right at the front.
I'm not ready! I'm not ready to try this case.
I hope he is a god person and will tackle the problem of corruption in ukraine, which is a serious 7ssue.
In a matter of weeks.
I got rid of a regulation that played with your zoning and played with other things, where they force projects into the suburbs of our great country.
The fake news would never have allowed us to say that during the campaign, even as a projection.
But they started hitting Lincoln.
It sounds easy, it wasn't, but it was easy for me.
That is because I agree with him and he agrees with me on one matter, trade.
The night of the election, the rest its were called.
I could stand on fifth avenue and shoot someone, and it would' t hurt my votes.
Richard, there you are, sneaking in like that.
And we sent them polls, poll after poll after poll.
I made you famous today.
And I'm saying this for you and I'm saying it for all of you.
You have to watch them.
But I'll tell you what, I expected that when I did this, in terms of opportunity, in terms of certain places, they can never do as well when you have this kind of rhetoric, they can never do.
Numbers are good, right? Yeah.
Exactly what it entails? It' s referred to as a payment, but you see, the far news, they apologize too.
He actually looks better now than he did before he got shot.
Which, by the way, we set a record in 2016
I plan to achieve full employment, increased wages, and economic prosperity for the country.
This one says... 'Peter and Juliet's Wedding'.
I've got trouble with my air conditioning. It's an emergency.
And they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years.
I wonder what they say when they go down the road and they see these groups of 200 people.
He too the lion' s share of responsibility for the roadside bombs sent to target us, and he suffered a significant blow as a result.
Watch.
Whoa! That's bigger than those terrible Academy Awards, I've got to tell you.
If you took New York out of it, which was a disaster by como, if you took New York out of those numbers, we would have numbers that would be even better than they are.
I am intrigued by the evermore, said vulgar.
How about Klobuchar, did you see her? She choked.
Yes, it' s true.
This would be a tremendous defeat.
It was so easy.
9 of the people coming in.
You take your time, darling, take your time.
In less than 10 years, the AIDS epidemic will be eradicated, will be gone.
But I got the people that we needed.
Okay, First Lady, don't worry about it.
And then Boeing came to me, and I love to negotiate.
I have it from multiple source, from various locations.
I don't think of myself as a politician.
For the psst four years, our opponents have tried various tactics to put a stop to our efforts, and their desperation only seems to be increasing.
Please keep in mind the phrase,' fores management.
If you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, he'd go right through and nobody would even know she was there.
Right here in New Jersey, your state's Democrat leaders have instituted sanctuary policies that result in dangerous predators being set free into your community.
In addition, it' s legally possible to remove them.
It's terrible shame.
It's a lobbyist deal.
We give the Pulitzer prize to the Washington Post and all of these real sleazebags.
And roc co- chairman, Tommy Hicks.
When someone reaches the age of 200, they have no option but to accept the situation.
And now we are, we are policing, we are now policing.
And I just got a free See these Democrats, they go out and spend 1 million on a poll.
When they engage in such behavior, it is not only more serious than what I intended to discuss, but it also reaches a higher level of magnitude.
I think it's fantastic.
They're all going to do it.
That's why We've ended a lot.
Remember the couple of people that were crying? I guess they don't like a strong military.
Otherwise everything that you've built in your entire life will be gone.
I could remain up here for a few more hours and wait to be rescued or I could descend this very steep and quite challenging slope, it is like ice skating on ice.
Indeed, there are so many that it' s unlikely that we will ever be able to recover them all.
I will soon be sharing with the media that mexico will finance the wall, and they will finally understand that I have faXed obstruction like never before.
It would take us 15 minutes to solve the problem.
I traveled to iraq, where I met with military leaders.
See that face? They show my face.
This person is viewed as a laughing stock by many, with no doubt.
We should name it coast, as it is the former name of the company, whish is beautiful.
The economy is thriving in our country, with rising incomes, a dramatic decrease in poverty, and soaring confidence. Additionally, we have rebuilt the strength of the united states military, which is truly awe- inspiring.
You have not good people in leadership, you haven't had.
You should run.
Actually.
Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll.
Vice President, I'd like to know your feeling on nuclear warfare and how does that relate to China and Russia and where are they in the race? Well, you can't have this as your president.
They wouldn't take them.
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare and destroy the private health insurance plans of millions of American families that they love.
No, everybody wants law and order.
Yes, yes.
I see dollars going right up, but they need a good place to launch.
And there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and win and straighten out the mess that these people have created.
You have that, and so you have the Democrats, you have the media, their partners.
The portrayal of the american people as cruel and heartless ended on the day I took the oath of office. And now that we have more than half of the wall built, you would think they would talk about it more.
No oil, no religion, no God, and no guns.
Thank you Martha.
I wonder if it would be possible to ask the fire marshal to fill up this small area, and let people in? That would be lovely.
I do.
Thank you very much, president Trump.
They keep him from talking.
A few members of the kfc community.
You know, nasal was an absolute disaster, grass was growing through the fairways too.
It has to go, but it needs a little That's why we need the four more additionally years.
Recently, joe olden p opposed a plan to impose a forced shutdown.
From the dust a new person will be created.
We don't want dangerous criminal aliens roaming free in North Carolina.
By the end of the year, we will have developed a safe and effective vaccine to combat the virus, and we all have successfully defeated the outbreak in china.
His people, his representatives, because Biden doesn't know he's alive, let's not kid ourselves.
They grabbed them.
As of this moment, you are officially on vacation-- now, beat it!
But we would have been talking about It would've been unacceptable, unsustainable.
Maybe we'll make a play for that one too.
39 million people, who are often.
It was a total disaster.
One is discussing not facing the consequences for committing ape, murder, and other heinous crimes.
As president, I promised to give local communities a greater voice in refugee policy and implement enhanced vetting and responsible immigration controls.
Please, Rob.
He's lying, Pinocchio, Pinocchio.
A young boy, about four years old, is standing in front. I think he might have the answer.
Because they keep saying, oh, the rich are getting richer.
We're also joined by Donald, Jr.
It was go on and then the show goes, started at ten went to eight, went to seven, went to five, went to four, went to two.
And I took the heat.
A better of credit on our Paris bank.
In fact, it' s not former us president joe biden.
But it's so disappointing.
They've had the best year they ever had.
We should impeach him.
So, look what they're doing to religion.
Working along well.
The sleepy campaign has joined forces with those trying to tear down America and our way of life.
That's all right.
Michigan has a rich history of producing iconic cultural and industrial achievements. It gave birth to the renowned motown music label, as well as the classic muscle car, the mustang, and the strength and resilience of the american midwest.
The sad part about that Sleepy Joe is right.
The get community, the gay community, the less an community, and others in the community have been very supportive of the views I have been expressing over the past few days.
The Left already won some democratic election?
If it were' t for gettysburg, lee would have secured victory.
They're only doing that for Trump, right? 27, 000 soldiers protecting our border.
It's a state where the people are great, just great people.
That's why we got that vote.
Can you imagine? But you know what? We don't do any of that stuff.
I was unable to accomplish it, louis.
Maybe I'll sign an executive order.
I wanted to tell that story.
You got a much better light at a much reduced cost and it's much safer because when those other bulbs break, they really are dangerous.
But we lose 500 billion, not million.
Could be something physical...... Or it might be an emotional disturbance.
And, we will end our reliance on China once and for all.
And they've got to There has to be a repercussion.
Thank you, off, for doing an excel it job.
Ohio Lieutenant Governor, Jon busted.
Biden has called to end cash bail, you know that right, for vicious criminals? Meaning if you assault a copy or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day.
In addition to the various other investments made by japanese companies, including car manufacturers, in the united states.
He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it.
We did everything right.
The 9erson now considers me a financial genius, sir.
Above all, we will never stop fighting for this.
I didn't do anything.
Yeah, Dad, look. You got to check it out.
I like Tom cruise.
You don't need it.
Like a three, three anything, but got to have a three in front of it.
Nobody knows because you're all too young.
We ended all this stuff.
The creation of 250, 000 jobs was achieve.
We're friends.
Race, religion, color, and creed.
What a challenging and trying period the for d faced, but I believe we will have it resolved within the next decade.
His mum's English, his dad's a Spaniard.
And they guard The thing that's incredible I know so many police, they're so good, one bad apple, and they're on for months.
The summa includes powerful wage protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan.
Too many people that were badly infected with bovid.
And you know what? I'd love to run against him, to be honest.
We're rebuilding our military, defending our sovereignty and reclaiming our dignity as a nation.
We support you.
Lisa, would you please come over here?
Right? No doubt about it.
It's done, that I can tell you.
How's the economy? Not good, sir.
But I love it and you know why I love it? Because we're accomplishing so much.
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody and get out and vote, November 3rd.
Then last sunday, you choked the life out of her.
May not be great, but I will say it's better than most of my friends who are the same age.
It is possible for people to be fool sh and for others to take advantage of them, but that is where their thinking is coming from.
Now corrupt politicians, Nancy pesos and Adam chief, they are corrupt.
Right? With your help, your devotion and your drive Gee, it's too bad.
In november, we will reclaim the hose.
He was the king of the roadside bomb.
I've been going through it now for more time than I've been in office.
In Berkeley County, officers captured a previously deported MS- 13 gang member who shot a man to death before dousing the body in gasoline and setting him on fire.
I don't care, but let me just Did you see it? Trump is leading Biden with the Hispanic community.
We have removed a large number of job- killing reg. Actions, allowing the typical american household to have an additional 3, 000 per year to spend.
This man here is quite attractive, fit and has an appealing appearance.
They really are bad news.
I rescued the us automobile industry by canceling the previous administration' s job- destroying disaster, the traMs- pacific partnership was a catastrophic mistake.
We're never leaving him.
And we lose for many years 500 billion a year with China and many other countries we lose billions.
I need some cheap people.
Bet o' you we, who shared his story, was set to defeat ted cruz.
This is just like fake news.
Think you, jim.
6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in American history.
They have not treated Minnesota right.
We're getting it done.
It will stand again if you wait a bit.
When people hear this, the will understand it.
If you don't love your children, don't leave it to them and then you do have a problem.
Good night everybody.
Many people.
Where are you? Hi.
I said I was going to bring in I just hope you people know that.
We w all a, so be assisting you.
Remember? I think Reagan won every state except for Minnesota.
Do you ever notice, he's always calling it the other.
His november, voters have the opportunity to elect new representatives who will work to support positive change in the house.
And the Army Corps of Engineers is building their hearts out.
But they're very happy with their wall.
You can't see it down here.
It was unlucky.
Remember Obama would send pillows.
Tomorrow, you will see headlines, Trump wants an extra term, I told you, I told you.
Democrats are now known for their support of high taxes, rising crime rates, lenient immigration policies, and their pro- choice since on abortion, as well as their adoption of socialist policies.
We receiveS endorsements from all the sheriffs in florida, as well as those in oh o and texas.
I came up with that name far too early, I should've just waited.
I would like to point out that we have a large number of people gathered behind the hangar, and we are making efforts to accommodate them.
Then this Van Jones has a program that gets no ratings absolutely at all.
But speaking to vice presidents and speaking of perfect vice presidents, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible, horrible vice president.
President, I'd like to congratulate you on the incredible economy that you've created.
Marion looked closely at his grandfather as the old man squeezed out into the snowy ravine.
She was like a dropping rock in water.
And, that's really why I consider this election Look, we had a very, very special day in 2016
Oh, by the way, they happen to be totally deleted.
And we start.
I am confident 5hat we have been performing well and will continue to do so in the future, as evidenced by our continued success and growth.
In this region thousand soldiers protecting our border.
Just quick.
If you take a shower, wash your hands a couple of times a day It's not.
The speaker, who was previously the president of the united states, stated that there were false ballots in great numbers.
The worst it's ever been, but when we have this border it makes it very, very tough for them to come into the United States with women and with children stuffed in trunks in the back of a car.
Please, you' re in florida.
And now, it is no longer possible to do so.
So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal.
The radical left named Andy besmear, who rejects everything Kentucky stands for.
Beneath it, in large blue letters, was this
We love Donald, but he just can't make it.
Wouldn't we like to run against her.
People I love, people I might've helped more than anybody because of choice and accountability.
You're going to be so happy.
2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than 130 million for ellis air force base right here.
In conclusion, we will work together to increase america' s wealth, strength, safety, and greatness.
With your help, we will reelect, and we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration.
Oh hear, that' s 7nfortunate.
You can't do this.
Under the leadership of president biden, 180 million people are at risk of losing their healthcare coverage.
This is probably a step beyond socialism.
If we are not as. Ed to do it, it is not necessary for us.
Quickly, my suckling, out of your clothes.
It's like my job.
I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals, and not one mention was made on the evening news.
If individuals believe they Dill receive free education and healthcare, they are likely to seek these opportunities.
So we want to take back the House, we'll hold the Senate, and we'll keep the White House.
It does' t matter if I help or don' t help, the outcome w all be the same.
Alternatives can only be compared in the first place if a comparable assessment of the effects is carried out.
It is likely that I will not receive campaign contributions from certain individuals, although I was not planning to accept such donations.
No issue has ever been so horribly discarded by a party as that issue by the Democrats.
No, we did it the right way and we've done a job like nobody.
I wonder in the debate it'll be him and I or the stage.
That means you can come in illegally and lots of things.
They aim to eliminate the travel restrictions for individuals from countries with a history of islamic extremism, which poses a significant 4hreat, and significantly increase the number of refugees allowed into the country.
She would upload her blog entries to a remote server before posting them.
They want to have all the things that we talk about, why wouldn't they want Trump more than anybody else? The other side is going to go the opposite.
So we had the greatest economy, we closed it up and now we're opening it up and your state should go with it.
Mads in the us,
And one of those things, I was very early and I banned and everybody admits that had I not banned highly infected Wuhan province, right? Highly infected, we would have had hundreds of thousands of more deaths.
Reimpose crippling federal regulations, destroy your Social Security and destroy protections for are- existing conditions.
She consistently believed I was inept, unintelligent, and lacking in intellect.
It is uncertain whether the country will persist for the next 50 years if such a scenario plays out. If it does, then it might not endure for the neat five years.
We entered, and we completed the task successfully. This was a smooth and effortless process.
I don't care if he uses a teleprompter, you know what bothers me? That means the fake news is giving him the questions.
As a firm believer in the freedom of speech, I must say that I strongly oppose any action that constitutes desecration, which is a terrible and unacceptable act.
Did you witness the event? No, it was b broadcast on television.
I didn't like this picture.
I thought they had learned that lesson two years ago, but maybe not. It appears they still need to work on it, but I' m hopeful they will eventually get the hang of it.
You don't want that job.
You' re working hard while drinking, in the hot sun pouring down on you.
Kim long- in, remember we're supposed to be in a war with him, what happened to the war? No, it seems to be good.
He'll get us in wars.
That doesn't work well in Texas.
From morrison to Vineland, and Patterson to Pennington.
He's raising taxes.
Everything was wrong.
You're a citizen for 90 years.
They're proud and they're tough people, and they'll go right into a pack.
One more, sir.
Darling, I want to watch Trump speak tonight.
Refer to the dabrafenib spy for further information.
No reason for it.
The floods are big.
While that may not be the case, there are still mAny other reasons for which we should consider.
These individuals back there, they do not want people to have access to things.
Watch all the thieving and stealing and robbing they do.
No, I really mean it.
I want to thank New Hampshire for all you've done for me.
That's how bad it would be.
Whoa, look at all those signs.
I know the camera men.
I successfully passed criminal justice reform, 4egardless of the efforts of the democrats.
It's pretty amazing.
And it's a shame what's going on.
Wall- Eye, Wall- Eye, this is Boomer One- Seven in the Zee!
There is semen in the sample but the sperm count is very low.
We've always filled them up.
Every time I get on this subject, they cover me not because they want to, but we get great ratings.
People are so tired.
I say they can't come in.
He wants to seem fool, but it' s too late.
What do you think? Well, I think 60, 000
They're not really competition for us.
Look at some of your other cities, and then you have a governor You have a governor that invites the whole world to come into California.
While you guys are standing behind me like a beautiful curtain there Well they're not blocking Air Force One so we could But I have a woman with us tonight who has devoted so much.
They've gone nuts.
But I'm hearing that, and I hope this isn't the case because I'd like to find out who the hell won.
The red cities are doing great.
And at those funerals of three leading supporters of segregation, including a former member of the kkt, and yet Biden is now smearing as racist, tens of millions of people like yourselves.
He's been a friend of mine for a long time.
I f nd him to be dull, energetic, and lacking in enthusiasm.
The Republicans will always do that.
I thought he was a great guy, great president, didn't like his policy on trade.
Your 401k accounts are at record highs, and the performance of your stocks is impressive. However, what matters most to me is creating and maintaining, jobs for all americans.
If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up.
The american public is fed up 1ith false statements, fraudulent activities, and slander from democrats.
Come up, Karen.
I hear good things, Derrick.
In the last, the situation might have been quite different.
By the way, in all due respect, do you know who will pay for the wall, right? No, no, they 0lay... The fake news plays.
Yes, the cubicle wall because it's, uh... it's wobbly.
I never have liked you, and you never have liked me, but you're going to support me because you're a rich guy.
And in all fairness to Bill Clinton, he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office.
We have the greatest people in the world.
What happened to our values? Republicans believe that every life is a sacred gift of God.
Republicans stand for law, order, and justice, and we believe in upholding these ideals, even if others may have a different viewpoint.
Let's always pretend you're one point down.
They destroyed your jobs.
They have to be stopped now.
She appears to be unaware that airplanes are no longer sought after, yet she sees people flying in state- of- the- art gulfstreams and other newly manufactured lanes all around.
We call this a protest because if you call it a protest, you're allowed to have it.
It's 122 degrees in this place.
If they were treating our vets badly, you couldn't fire them for anything.
By the way, I believe I should inform you that the term' elite' often refers to you.
When someone hits me, I would like to be in as close to an armored tank as possible.
We're all in this together.
Thinking about the ARM is no fun at all.
I hate to even mention the word and hope to God we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful weapons in the history of the world.
We are also proudly promoting American ethanol, and I recently approved E to be used all year round! Biofuel also, but the Socialist Democrats want to shut down American energy.
Only in Ohio can that happen.
And if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they don't want to go away from what they're doing, which is crazy because it is, they're doing very poorly.
How stupid these people are.
It should be happening in about the next 20 minutes, 19, 18, 17
I thought she had left, but there were still faint remnants of her presence. Then, something sparked and she came back to life.
Come on up, Todd.
Before I took office, Washington looked the other way, while China stole our secrets from American agriculture.
It should have been started long before in the last administration because they had the technology then.
And nobody's done it like we've done it.
Now, Mr Petersen, what political party did your father belong to?
They like you, Bob.
The chairman of the nevada republican party, who has been exceptionally helpful,
Now he's shot, he's got half of his head left, and he's out, think of it.
Instead of protecting ourselves, we pay billions of dollars to the country that is supposed to be protecting us.
Great deal for us.
Then you have the deep state.
And all your washington friend, they are right where they need to be in washington tonight.
I like my foreign policy.
I recently praised the work of the border patrol and ice, expressing my admiration for the dedication and tireless efforts of these organizations in safeguarding our border and protecting the public.
